  * [ ![Click this icon to learn more about our commitment to customers and employees with disabilities.](/images/accessibility/ea_app_icon_new.png) ](https://www.essentialaccessibility.com/piazza?utm_source=piazzacorporatehomepage&utm_medium=iconlarge&utm_term=eachannelpage&utm_content=header&utm_campaign=piazzacorporate)
  * Sign Up
  * Login
[](/signup)

  * [Product](/product/overview)
  * [In Professors' Words](/professors)
  * [Professors](/professors)
  * [Support](https://piazza.desk.com/)
  * [About Us](/about/story)
  * Piazza Careers Product
    * Companies Get Started
    * Students Get Started
  * [ ![Click this icon to learn more about our commitment to customers and employees with disabilities.](/images/accessibility/ea_app_icon_new.png) ](https://www.essentialaccessibility.com/piazza?utm_source=piazzacorporatehomepage&utm_medium=iconlarge&utm_term=eachannelpage&utm_content=header&utm_campaign=piazzacorporate)
  * Sign Up
    * Instructors Get Started
    * Students Get Started
    * [Looking for Piazza Careers Product?](/piazzacareers)
  * Login

×Close

#### Log In

Email:

Password:

Remember me

Log in Forgot your password?

×Close

#### Sign up

Instructors Get Started Students Get Started

#  Privacy Policy

Last Updated: December 24, 2016

Piazza recognizes that your privacy is very important. This Privacy Policy
describes Piazza's policies and procedures on the collection, use, sharing and
disclosure of your information when you use the Piazza Service, via the Piazza
website, your mobile phone, or through Piazza's applications for mobile
devices. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to
information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other
sources. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have
the meaning given them in our [Terms of Service](/legal/terms).

### Information Collection and Use

Piazza uses information we collect to analyze how the Service is used,
diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, personalize
content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account,
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and
demographic patterns, and track User Content and users as necessary to comply
with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws.

#### **User-Provided Information**

When you register for a user account with the Service, you may provide us
information about yourself, such as your name and email address. If you create
a profile, certain member information, including without limitation your name,
groups, school and any additional content that you submit on your profile will
be displayed to other users at your school or in your groups to facilitate
user interaction within our services.

We may use your email address to send you Service-related notices (including
any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail). You can
control receipt of certain Service-related messages on your Account/Email
Settings page. We may also use your contact information to send you marketing
email messages. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content
of your email messages, your email address and our responses.

You also provide us information in User Content you post to the Service. Your
questions, answers, and other contributions on the Service, and metadata about
them (such as when you posted them), are viewable through the Service, along
with your name.

Other users may provide us with your name, email address, and other
information when enrolling you in a class or other group on the Service. If
you add a group or class, you may also provide us with course information,
including instructor information, syllabus, homework and lecture notes. If you
choose to enroll others in a class or group on the Service, we will ask you
for that person's email address and send an email invitation. Piazza stores
this information to send invitations, to register the invitee if your
invitation is accepted, and to track the success of the invitation.

Any content you upload to your profile, along with any personal information or
content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view
becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. If you
want to delete or disable your profile, please contact us at
[team@piazza.com](mailto:team@piazza.com).

Piazza Careers is a program where users can learn about and connect with
companies to explore job opportunities. If you choose to opt-in to Piazza
Careers, you consent to the release of information included in your user
profile, which may include education records, to companies that participate in
Piazza Careers and to other users who have opted into Piazza Careers. These
users will have access to selected information in your user profile.

Participation in Piazza Careers is wholly optional and you may opt-out of the
program at any time.

#### **Information Collected Automatically**

When you use the Service, we use persistent and session cookies (for
information on cookies, please see below) and other tracking technologies to:
(a) store your username and password; (b) analyze the usage of the Service;
(c) customize the Service to your preferences; and (d) enhance your navigation
through the site. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close
your browser so that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to
the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's
directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your
browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not
function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

We may also use other Internet technologies, log files, clear GIFs and other
similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your
use of the Service. We also may include clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent
to our users to determine whether the message has been opened. As we adopt
additional technology, we may also gather additional information through other
methods.

We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of
information we consider to be non-personal information, including: (a)
information related to the devices you use to access or interact with the
Service, such as: IP addresses, , unique device identifiers and other
information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), browser types,
browser language; and (b) information related to the ways in which you
interact with the Service, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs,
platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed
and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages,
the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information. We may
also capture other data, such as search criteria and results.

Piazza discloses a subset of this automatically collected information.
Specifically, you consent to Piazza's disclosure of information related to the
ways in which you interact with the Service, such as: landing pages, pages
viewed and the order of those pages (including questions and answers viewed),
the date and time you used the Service, and other similar information on the
Service to other users, along with your name and profile.

Piazza uses some of this information to help instructors manage their classes
and improve learning outcomes. For example, which questions and answers you
view may help your instructors understand where the class is struggling to
understand a concept. Similarly, knowing what times your classmates are using
Piazza helps a professor measure engagement before a midterm. You consent to
Piazza's disclosure of information related to the ways in which you interact
with the Service.

### Cookies

A cookie is a small text file stored by a website in a user’s web browser that
helps us in many ways to make your use of the Service more efficient and
meaningful to you. Among other things, cookies avoid you having to log in
every time you come back to our website. They also allow us to tailor the
Service to better match your needs.

A session cookie is stored only in your computer’s working memory and only
lasts for your browsing session. When you close all your browser’s windows, or
when you shut down your computer, the session cookie disappears forever.

A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so
that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service.
Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either they expire or are
overwritten with newer cookies, or you manually remove them. Most browsers can
be configured not to accept cookies, however, this may prevent you from having
access to some site functions or features.

While specific names of the cookies and similar technologies that we use may
change from time to time as we improve and update our services, they generally
fall into the below categories of use:

Authentication and security cookies. We use these cookies to enable you to
remain logged into Piazza, and verify that it is you as you use Piazza. This
helps keep your account safe and secure from unauthorized use, and helps
combat spam and other abuse which violates our policies.

Analytics and research cookies. We use these cookies to better understand how
people use Piazza. For example, how often particular features are used, or
which content leads towards user activity.

Product features and setting cookies. We use these cookies to enable the
functionality of some features within the Piazza product, in particular to
personalize the experience towards you. We also use these cookies to store
certain of your preferences and settings.

For additional information on how to block cookies, please refer to the
privacy or security settings of your browser.

### How We Share Your Information

#### **Personally Identifiable Information**

We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide
to you the features and functionality of the Service. Piazza may share your
personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of
providing the Service to you. If we do this, such third parties' use of your
information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal
information in locations outside the direct control of Piazza (for instance,
on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).

As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings.
Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred
business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign
such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or
dissolution.

Piazza may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or
subpoena or if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a
law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to
address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Piazza's rights or
property.

By using the Service you consent to the transfer of your information to the
United States and/or to other countries for storage, processing and use by
Piazza in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

From time to time, we may run contests, advertisements, or other events or
activities ("Events") on the Service together with a third party partner. If
you provide information to such third parties, you give them permission to use
it for the purpose of that Event and any other use that you approve. We cannot
control third parties' use of your information. If you do not want your
information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you can choose
not to participate in these Events.

### Non-Personally Identifiable Information:

We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected through the Service so
that the information does not identify you. We may use aggregated, anonymized,
and other non-personally identifiable information for any purpose, including
for research and marketing purposes, and our use and disclosure of such
information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy.

### How We Protect Your Information

Piazza uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical
safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your information. We
cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to Piazza or guarantee that your information on the Service may not
be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our
physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach
of security, Piazza will promptly notify those persons whose personal
information has been compromised, in accordance with applicable law.

### Your Choices About Your Information

You may decline to submit personally identifiable information through the
Service, in which case Piazza may not be able to provide certain services to
you. You may update or correct your account information and email preferences
at any time by logging in to your account and going to your "Account/Email
Settings" page. You can review and correct the information about you that
Piazza keeps on file by contacting us directly at
[team@piazza.com](mailto:team@piazza.com).

### Children's Privacy

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Piazza does
not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the
age of 13 (or under the age of 14 for anyone living in Spain or South Korea)
or knowingly allow such persons to register with the Service. If we become
aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13
without parental consent, we will remove that information.

### Links to Other Web Sites

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or
from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please
remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website,
our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on
any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject
to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and
policies before proceeding.

### Your California Privacy Rights

California law permits users who are California residents to request and
obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to
whom we have disclosed their personally identifiable information (if any) for
their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the
types of personally identifiable information disclosed to those parties. If
you are a California resident and would like to request this information,
please submit your request in an email to
[team@piazza.com](mailto:team@piazza.com).

### Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes
on this page to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it
and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy
Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Piazza’s practices,
please contact us at [team@piazza.com](mailto:team@piazza.com).

###### About

  * [Our Story](/about/story)
  * [Investors](/about/investors)
  * [Jobs](/about/jobs)

###### Product

  * [Why Piazza Works](/product/overview)
  * [LMS Integration](/product/lti)
  * [Accessibility](/product/accessibility)

###### Support

  * [Help](https://piazza.desk.com/)
  * [Contact Us](/support/contact)

###### Legal

  * [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy)
  * [Copyright Policy](/legal/copyright)
  * [Terms of Service](/legal/terms)
  * [FERPA Compliance](/legal/ferpa)

  * [](http://twitter.com/piazza)
  * [](http://www.facebook.com/piazzza)

Copyright (C) 2018

Piazza Technologies

All Rights Reserved

* * *

Our terms changed on December 22, 2016. Please review the new [Piazza Terms of
Service](/legal/terms).

[ __ Twitter logo icon ](https://twitter.com)

[ Sign In ](https://twitter.com/login)

# Twitter Privacy Policy

Our Services instantly connect people everywhere to what’s most meaningful to
them. For example, any registered user of Twitter can send a Tweet, which is
public by default, and can include a message of 140 characters or less and
content like photos, videos, and links to other websites.

What you share on Twitter may be viewed all around the world instantly. You
are what you Tweet!

This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share your
information across our websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications,
buttons, embeds, ads, and [our other covered
services](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501#) that link to this
Policy (collectively, the “Services”), and from our partners and other third
parties. For example, you send us information when you use our Services on the
web, via SMS, or from an application such as Twitter for Mac, Twitter for
Android, or TweetDeck. When using any of our Services you consent to the
collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as
described in this Privacy Policy. This includes any information you choose to
provide that is deemed sensitive under applicable law.

When this policy mentions “we” or “us,” it refers to the controller of your
information under this policy. If you live in the United States, your
information is controlled by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San
Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. If you live outside the United States, the data
controller responsible for your information is Twitter International Company,
an Irish company with its registered office at One Cumberland Place, Fenian
Street, Dublin 2 D02 AX07 Ireland. Despite this, you alone control and are
responsible for the posting of your Tweets and other content you submit
through the Services, as provided in the [Terms of
Service](https://twitter.com/tos) and [Twitter
Rules](https://twitter.com/rules).

Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to transfer,
store, and use your information in the United States, Ireland, and any other
country where we operate. In some of these countries, the privacy and data
protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access
data may vary from those in the country where you live. Learn more about our
global operations and data transfer
[here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20174632#).

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please submit
a request through our form, available at [https://support.twitter.com/forms/pr
ivacy](https://support.twitter.com/forms/privacy).

### Information Collection and Use

We collect and use your information below to provide, understand, and improve
our Services.

**Basic Account Information:** If you choose to create a Twitter account, you must provide us with some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, or phone number. On Twitter, your name and username are always listed publicly, including on your profile page and in search results, and you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. You can create and manage multiple Twitter accounts. If you use [Digits by Twitter](https://get.digits.com/), the contact information you provide to log in is not public. Some of our product features, such as searching and viewing public Twitter user profiles or watching a broadcast on Periscope’s website, do not require you to create an account.

**Contact Information:** You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable certain account features, for example, for[ login verification](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170388) or [Twitter via SMS](https://support.twitter.com/articles/14589#). If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from us. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, to market to you, to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse, and to help others find your account, including through third-party services and client applications. You may use your settings for [email](https://twitter.com/settings/notifications) and [mobile notifications](https://twitter.com/settings/devices) to control notifications you receive from Twitter. You may also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. Your Discoverability [privacy settings](https://twitter.com/settings/safety) control whether others can find you on Twitter by your email address or phone number.

**Additional Information:** You may choose to provide us with additional information to help improve and personalize your experience across our Services. For example, you may choose to upload and sync your address book so that we can help you find and connect with users you know or help other users find and connect with you. We may later personalize content, such as making suggestions or showing user accounts and Tweets for you and other users, based on imported address book contacts. You can delete your imported address book contacts at any time by visiting your Contacts Dashboard at [https://twitter.com/settings/contacts_dashboard](https://twitter.com/settings/contacts_dashboard). If you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your account on our Services to your account on another service, the other service may send us information that you authorize for use in the Services. This information may enable cross-posting or otherwise help us improve the Services, and is deleted from our Services within a few weeks of your disconnecting from our Services your account on the other service.

**Tweets, Following, Lists, Profile, and Other Public Information: **Twitter is primarily designed to help you share information with the world. Most of the information you provide us through Twitter is information you are asking us to make public. You may provide us with profile information such as a short biography, your location, your website, date of birth, or a picture. Additionally, your public information includes the messages you Tweet; the metadata provided with Tweets, such as when you Tweeted and the client application you used to Tweet; information about your account, such as creation time, language, country, and time zone; and the lists you create, people you follow, Tweets you Like or Retweet, and Periscope broadcasts you click or otherwise engage with (such as by commenting or hearting) on Twitter. Twitter broadly and instantly disseminates your public information to a wide range of users, customers, and services, including search engines, developers, and publishers that integrate Twitter content into their services, and organizations such as universities, public health agencies, and market research firms that analyze the information for trends and insights. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. We may use this information to make [inferences](https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data), like what topics you may be interested in. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide through the Services public for as long as you do not delete it, but we generally give you [settings](https://twitter.com/settings/safety) or features, like [protected Tweets](https://support.twitter.com/articles/14016#), to make the information more private if you want. For certain profile information fields we provide you with [visibility settings](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172733#) to select who can see this information in your profile. If you provide us with profile information and you don’t see a visibility setting, that information is public. You can change the [language](https://support.twitter.com/articles/119137#) and [time zone](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20169405#) associated with your account at any time using your account settings, available at [https://twitter.com/settings/account](https://twitter.com/settings/account).

**Direct Messages and Non-Public Communications:** We provide certain features that allow you to communicate more privately. For example, you can use Direct Messages to have private conversations with other Twitter users. When you privately communicate with others through our Services, such as by sending and receiving Direct Messages, we will store and process your communications, and information related to them. Please note that if you interact with public Twitter content shared with you via Direct Message, for instance by liking a Tweet shared via Direct Message, those interactions may be public. When you use features like Direct Messages to communicate privately, please remember that recipients may copy, store, and re-share the contents of your communications.

**Location Information:** We may receive information about your location. For example, you may choose to publish your location in your Tweets and in your Twitter profile. You may also tell us your location when you set your trend location on Twitter.com. We may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as allowing you to Tweet with your location, and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow. Learn more about our use of location [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/78525#), and how to set your location preferences [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/118492#).

**Links:** We may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. Links, Tweets, and non-public communications like Direct Messages shared on the Services will be processed and links shortened to a [http://t.co](http://t.co/) link.

**Cookies:** Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. You can control how we personalize your Twitter experience and ads by using your Personalization and Data settings, which are available at [https://twitter.com/personalization](https://twitter.com/personalization) whether or not you have a Twitter account. We respond to these settings rather than the Do Not Track browser option, which we no longer support. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514#).

**Using Our Services:** We receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our Services, even if you have not created an account (“Log Data”). For example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party website, application, or service, or visit a third-party website, application, or service that includes Twitter content, we may receive information about you. This Log Data may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, or cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with links on our Services, including links to third-party applications, such as when you choose to install another application through Twitter. We use Log Data to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. You can learn about the interests we have inferred about you from your activity on and off of Twitter in Your Twitter Data, available at [https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data](https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data). We keep Log Data as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, email address, or phone number, after a maximum of 18 months, if not sooner[](https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en#tfw).

**Twitter for Web Data:** We may personalize the Services for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons. When you view our content on these websites, we may receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited. We never associate this web browsing history with your name, email address, phone number, or Twitter handle, and we delete, obfuscate, or aggregate it after no longer than 30 days. We may use interests or other information that we derive from this data to improve our Services and personalize content for you, such as suggestions for people to follow, advertising, and other content you may be interested in. You can see and control interests that we use to personalize your experience in Your Twitter Data, available at [https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data](https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data). You can also control whether we keep track of your visits to websites with Twitter content by using your Personalization and Data settings, available at [https://twitter.com/personalization](https://twitter.com/personalization).  

**Advertising:** Our Services are supported by advertising. We may use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. We do not use the content you share privately in Direct Messages to serve you ads. Our Twitter Ads Policy also prohibits advertisers from targeting ads based on categories we consider [sensitive](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170368#), such as race, religion, politics, sex life, or health. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”). If you prefer, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by unchecking Personalize Ads in your Personalization and Data settings, available at [https://twitter.com/personalization](https://twitter.com/personalization) or through the DAA’s consumer choice tool at [https://optout.aboutads.info](https://optout.aboutads.info/). We will not use information from the browser (and for logged in users, the account) on which you opt out for interest-based advertising, and that browser or account will not be eligible to receive interest-based ads from Twitter. Learn more about your privacy options for interest-based ads [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514#privacy-options) and about how ads work on our Services [here](https://business.twitter.com/en/help/troubleshooting/how-twitter-ads-work.html).

**Third-Parties and Affiliates:** We may receive information about you from third parties, such as other Twitter users, partners (including ad partners), or our [corporate affiliates](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501#). For example, other users may share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you, share a photo of you, or tag you in a photo. Your [privacy settings](https://twitter.com/settings/safety) control who can tag you in a photo. Our ad partners and affiliates may share information with us such as a browser cookie ID, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of an email address, as well as demographic or interest data and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, may enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology.

**Personalizing Across Your Devices:** When you log into your account with a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account for purposes such as authentication and personalization. Depending on your settings, we may also personalize your experience on, and based on information from, other browsers or devices besides the ones you use to log into Twitter. For example, if you visit websites with sports content on your laptop, we may show you sports-related ads on Twitter for Android. You can control whether we link your account to browsers or devices other than the ones you use to log into Twitter (or if you’re logged out, whether we link the browser or device you’re currently using to any other devices) through your Personalization and Data settings, available at [https://twitter.com/personalization](https://twitter.com/personalization).

### Information Sharing and Disclosure

We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited
circumstances described here.

**User Consent or Direction:** We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. When you use Digits by Twitter to sign up for or log in to a third-party application, you are directing us to share your contact information, such as your phone number, with that application. If you’ve shared information, like Direct Messages or protected Tweets, with another user who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third-party service.

**Service Providers:** We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States, Ireland, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards.

**Law and Harm:** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, [legal process, or governmental request](https://support.twitter.com/articles/41949#); to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users’ rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.

**Business Transfers and Affiliates:** In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our [corporate affiliates](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501) in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.

**Public Information:** We may share or disclose your public information, such as your public user profile information, public Tweets, or the people you follow or that follow you. Remember: your privacy and visibility settings control whether your Tweets and certain profile information are made public. Other information, like your name and username, is always public on Twitter, unless you delete your account, as described below.

**Non-Personal, Aggregated, or Device-Level Information:** We may share or disclose non-personal, aggregated, or device-level information such as the total number of times people engaged with a Tweet, the number of users who clicked on a particular link or voted on a poll in a Tweet (even if only one did), the characteristics of a device or its user when it is available to receive an ad, the topics that people are Tweeting about in a particular location, or aggregated or device-level reports to advertisers about users who saw or clicked on their ads. This information does not include your name, email address, phone number, or Twitter handle. We may, however, share non-personal, aggregated, or device-level information through partnerships with entities that may use data in their possession (including data you may have given them) to link your name, email address, or other personal information to the information we provide them. These partnerships require that they get your consent before doing so. You can control whether Twitter shares your information under [these partnerships](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20175379#) by using your Personalization and Data settings, available at [https://twitter.com/personalization](https://twitter.com/personalization).  

### Accessing and Modifying Your Personal Information

If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and
[account settings](https://twitter.com/account/settings) to access, correct,
delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated
with your account. You can download certain account information, including
your Tweets, by following the instructions
[here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170160-downloading-your-twitter-
archive). You can learn more about the interests we have inferred about you in
[Your Twitter Data](https://twitter.com/your_twitter_data) and request access
to additional information [here](https://support.twitter.com/forms/privacy).

You can also permanently delete your Twitter account. If you follow the
instructions [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/15358-how-to-
deactivate-your-account), your account will be deactivated and then deleted.
When deactivated, your account, including your name, username, and public
profile, is not viewable on Twitter.com. For up to 30 days after deactivation
it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or
wrongfully deactivated. Absent a separate arrangement between you and us to
extend your deactivation period, after 30 days, we begin the process of
deleting your account from our systems, which can take up to a week.

Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain
copies of your public information, like your user profile information and
public Tweets, even after you have deleted the information from the Twitter
Services or deactivated your account. Learn more
[here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/15349-why-is-my-twitter-profile-
in-google-search).

### Our Global Operations

To bring you the Services, we operate globally. Twitter, Inc. complies with
the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “Principles”) regarding
the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal information from the
European Union and Switzerland, as described in our [EU-US Privacy Shield
certification](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list) and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
certification.

If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us
[here](https://support.twitter.com/forms/privacy). As part of our
participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our
adherence to the Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal
complaint resolution process, alternatively through the independent dispute
resolution body [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield), and
under certain conditions, through the [Privacy Shield arbitration
process](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=G-Arbitration-Procedures).

Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement
powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory
bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the
transfer of personal information from the EU or Switzerland to third parties
outside the EU and Switzerland. Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and
Swiss-US Privacy Shield [here](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome).

### Changes to this Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version
of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at
[https://twitter.com/privacy](https://twitter.com/privacy). If we make a
change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will
notify you via an [@Twitter](https://twitter.com/Twitter) update or email to
the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use
the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by
the revised Privacy Policy.

**Effective**: June 18, 2017

[Archive of Previous Privacy Policies](https://twitter.com/privacy/previous)

Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please, let us know by
contacting us [here](https://support.twitter.com/forms/privacy) or writing to
us at the appropriate address below.

**For accounts based in the United States:**  

Twitter, Inc.

Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry

1355 Market Street, Suite 900

San Francisco, CA 94103

**For accounts outside the United States:**  

Twitter International Company

Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry

One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street

Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND

(C) 2018 Twitter, Inc.

  * [Cookies](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170520)
  * [Privacy](https://twitter.com/privacy)
  * [Terms and Conditions](https://twitter.com/tos)

Language

  * [English](https://twitter.com/en/privacy)
  * [Italian](https://twitter.com/it/privacy)
  * [German](https://twitter.com/de/privacy)
  * [Spanish](https://twitter.com/es/privacy)
  * [French](https://twitter.com/fr/privacy)
  * [Japanese](https://twitter.com/ja/privacy)
  * [Korean](https://twitter.com/ko/privacy)
  * [Portuguese](https://twitter.com/pt/privacy)
  * [Russian](https://twitter.com/ru/privacy)

[ ![](https://hqcapital.com/wp-content/themes/hq-
capital/lib/img/hq_logos_67_capital.png)

# HQ Capital

](https://hqcapital.com/en/)

Open Navigation

  * [Home](https://hqcapital.com/en/)

  * [Company](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/history/)
    * [History](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/history/)
    * [Supervisory Board](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/board/)
    * [Executive Management](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/management/)
    * [Offices](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/offices/)
    * [Careers](https://hqcapital.com/en/careers/)
  * [Private Equity](https://hqcapital.com/en/private-equity/)
    * [Capabilities](https://hqcapital.com/en/private-equity/capabilities/)
    * [Senior Team](https://hqcapital.com/en/private-equity/senior-team/)
  * [Real Estate](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/)
    * [Capabilities](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/capabilities/)
    * [Our Approach](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/our-approach/)
    * [Senior Team](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/senior-team-re/)
    * [Portfolio](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/portfolio/)
  * [HQ Equita](https://hqcapital.com/en/sample-page/equita/)
  * [Responsible Investing](https://hqcapital.com/en/responsible-investing/)
    * [UNPRI](https://hqcapital.com/en/responsible-investing/unpri/)
    * [Our Initiative](https://hqcapital.com/en/responsible-investing/our-initiative/)
  * [News & Insights](https://hqcapital.com/en/news/)

  * [de](https://hqcapital.com/datenschutz/)
  * [en](https://hqcapital.com/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [日本語](https://hqcapital.com/ja/privacy-policy/)
  * [한국어](https://hqcapital.com/ko/privacy-policy/)
  * [简体中文](https://hqcapital.com/zh-hans/privacy-policy/)

  * [Contact](/en/company/offices/)
  * [Client Portal](https://hqcapital.com/en/client-portal/)

Close Navigation

[Home](https://hqcapital.com/en/) > Privacy Policy

# Privacy Policy (website)

** **

**Online Privacy**

This site is provided by HQ Capital GmbH & Co. KG (“HQC”). Users of and
visitors to this site are able to visit some areas of the site without
specifically revealing who they are or otherwise providing information about
themselves. However, if you choose to provide us with personal information on
the site, for example, by registering with us, filling out an online form, or
sending us an e-mail message, you thereby agree to share that information with
HQC and its subsidiaries, affiliates, vendors and business partners. We use
personal identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and
promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our
content, and to customize our site's services, content, and layout. We also
may use your personal information to inform you of new services, changes, or
promotions. If you do not want us to send you this type of information, please
let us know by sending us an e‑mail message to[
clientservice@hqcapital.com](mailto:clientservice@hqcapital.com).

**Security of Information**

HQC understands the importance of privacy and confidentiality to users of and
visitors to this site. Access to information submitted online through this
site is limited to employees of HQC and its subsidiaries, affiliates, vendors,
and business partners who have a legitimate business need for the information.
HQC will not give, sell, or otherwise disseminate personal or confidential
information you submit online through this site, except as outlined above, in
a manner in which the users can be identified, unless required by law or as
necessary to conduct business in connection with the HQC site. However, we may
provide your personal or confidential information to one or more third parties
in the event that all or part of HQC or its subsidiaries, affiliates, or joint
ventures, or all or part of the assets of any of the foregoing, are acquired
by, merged with, sold to, or otherwise disposed of to one or more third
parties (including, without limitation, in the event of bankruptcy). HQC
reserves the right to contract with other vendors to assist with its business
processes and this site. HQC will only provide personal identifiable
information you submit online through this site to such vendors if they agree
to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to refrain from using
the information for any purpose other than providing a service to HQC or its
customers, subsidiaries, affiliates, vendors or business partners. **HQC
accepts no responsibility for any breach of its security.**

**Cookies and Interactive Data**

HQC may use cookies to track information regarding a user's past history in
order to provide better and more efficient services and functionality to that
user. While refusal to accept cookies will not prevent the use of portions of
the HQC site, some portions of the site may not function properly without
cookies. We currently use Cookie technology on our public site to retain your
language selection for 24 hours. On our password restricted website used for
event planning, additional Cookies may be used after log-in to assist with
user registration for the event. Such Cookies are deleted once the user logs
out of the website.

We collect IP addresses and domain names of all users of and visitors to this
site to measure the number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on the
site, etc. We also collect e-mail addresses of those who send us e‑mail
messages so we can respond, if requested, and also to be able to improve the
functionality of our site. There also are interactive services on the site
which require identification and other information to facilitate the
interactive functions of our site. Users will have to register and provide the
requested information in order to utilize these interactive portions of the
site.

**Other Information Collectors**

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we
collect online through this site from users. It does not apply to information
that we may receive or obtain in other ways. Our site may include links to the
sites of our business partners or others. The privacy customs or policies of
these sites may be different from ours. To the extent that you disclose your
information to other parties or sites, you are subject to the privacy customs
and policies of those parties or sites. We cannot be sure whether any third
parties have privacy policies similar to ours. Therefore, HQC cannot be
responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by any third
parties.

**Acceptance**

Use of this site signifies that you have read, comprehend and accept all
provisions of this Privacy Policy. HQC reserves the right at its discretion to
add to, modify, change or withdraw portions of its Privacy Policy without
notice. HQC recommends reviewing the Privacy Policy on a regular basis for
changes.

  * [Home](https://hqcapital.com/en/)

  * [Company](https://hqcapital.com/en/company/history/)
  * [Private Equity](https://hqcapital.com/en/private-equity/)
  * [Real Estate](https://hqcapital.com/en/real-estate/)
  * [HQ Equita](https://hqcapital.com/en/sample-page/equita/)
  * [Responsible Investing](https://hqcapital.com/en/responsible-investing/)
  * [News & Insights](https://hqcapital.com/en/news/)

  * [Contact](/en/company/offices/)
  * [Client Portal](https://hqcapital.com/en/client-portal/)

© 2018 HQ Capital GmbH & Co. KG. All Rights Reserved.

  * [Imprint](https://hqcapital.com/en/imprint/)
  * [Disclaimer](https://hqcapital.com/en/disclaimer/)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://hqcapital.com/en/privacy-policy/)

[ ](https://stackexchange.com)

  1. [Tour](/tour)
  2. [About Us](/about)
  3. [Meta](https://meta.stackexchange.com)

### [current community](https://stackexchange.com)

  * [chat](https://chat.stackexchange.com?tab=site&host=stackexchange.com)

[

Stack Exchange ](https://stackexchange.com)

  * [

Meta Stack Exchange ](https://meta.stackexchange.com)

###  your communities

[Sign up](https://stackexchange.com/users/login#create-account) or [log
in](https://stackexchange.com/users/login) to customize your list.

### [more stack exchange communities](https://stackexchange.com/sites)

[company blog](https://stackoverflow.blog)

  1. [ ](https://stackexchange.com)

[Log In](https://stackexchange.com/users/login?ssrc=head&returnurl=https%3a%2f
%2fstackexchange.com) [Sign Up](https://stackexchange.com/users/signup?ssrc=he
ad&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fstackexchange.com)

[

# Stack Exchange

](https://stackexchange.com)

  * [All Sites](/sites)
  * [Top Users](/leagues)
  * [Newsletters](/newsletters)

[terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service) [API terms of use](/legal/api-
terms-of-use) [privacy policy](/legal/privacy-policy) [content policy](/legal
/content-policy) [trademark guidance](/legal/trademark-guidance)
[contact](/legal/contact)

  

# Stack Exchange, Inc. Official Privacy Policy

Legally Useless Summary

for Short Attention Spans. (Yes, you still have to read the real one on the
right. Sorry, but you do.)

## Who We Are and What This Is

[The Stack Exchange network](https://stackexchange.com) is a set of Q&A sites
dedicated to providing high-quality questions and answers, with the modest
goal of making the Internet a better place. It is owned and operated by Stack
Exchange Inc.

We really, truly care about your privacy. We may joke around, but we mean it.

We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously, and
are committed to protecting it. To do that, we’ve set up procedures to ensure
that your information is handled responsibly and in accordance with applicable
data protection and privacy laws. We’re grateful for your trust, and we’ll act
that way.

This will teach you what info we collect and how we use it. If you wanted to
learn to play the keytar, you’re in the wrong place.

This privacy policy describes what information we collect when you visit the
network, how we use that information, and what choices we offer you to access,
update, and control it. This version of the policy is effective as of March 8,
2017. This policy may be revised in order to establish compliance with the
forthcoming [General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)](https://www.privacytrust.com/gdpr).

## Privacy Shield Overview

We follow the strict Privacy Shield Framework that complies with the EU and
Swiss privacy requirements.

Stack Exchange complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
Stack Exchange has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to
the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in
this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield
Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and
to view our certification, please visit
[https://www.privacyshield.gov/](https://www.privacyshield.gov/). Covered
entities include Stack Exchange, Inc., and Stack Exchange, Ltd. Stack Exchange
is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade
Commission / Department of Transportation.

## Types of Information

“Personal” information can potentially identify who you are.

**“Personal information”** is any information that we could use to identify an individual. It does not include personal information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public information. 

“Sensitive” information can identify specific private attributes, such as
ethnicity, health info, criminal history, or trade affiliations.

**“Sensitive personal information”** is information that meets the “personal information” criteria and also a) reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or b) concerns health or sex life, information about social security benefits, or information on criminal or administrative proceedings other than in the context of pending legal proceedings. 

## How We Collect Information

We collect information two ways: Information we get from your use of the
network, and information you provide to us directly.

Your web browser tells us stuff like your approximate location and how you use
the site. It also bakes us yummy cookies.

**Information we get from your use of the network** is primarily non-personally- identifying information of the sort that web browsers, servers, and services like Google Analytics* typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the time of each visit. Other non-identifying information that we might have access to includes how you use the service (e.g., search queries), your approximate location, cookies, etc. 

We try to use this non-personal info to help make better Q&A sites, and to
destroy spam. We eat the cookies.

We collect this non-personally identifying information in order to better
understand how visitors use the service and where possible, to improve their
experience. For instance, we may monitor the most common content on the
network to help identify spam. In some cases, we may publicly display
information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate, (e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of the network,) or may provide it
to third parties for educational or similar purposes other than for sale or
profit.

Your browser also gives us your IP address, which could identify you, but we
don’t use it to do that. For real.

When you use the network, we also collect potentially personally identifying
information in the form of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. But we don’t use
that information to identify you, and we handle and disclose these addresses
in the same way we handle other potentially personally identifying information
as described below.

If you register an account, you may need to give us your email and other
personal info, but we’re not the boss of you and can’t make you.

**Information you provide to us directly**. Certain visitors to the network choose to interact with it in ways that may require them to provide us with personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that is provided depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for stackoverflow.com to provide a username and email address. Employers who engage in financial transactions with talent.stackoverflow.com are asked to provide additional information, such as the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. We use a [payment gateway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_gateway) to protect financial information we collect online and secure payment processors to carry out financial transactions. We only collect as much information as is necessary or appropriate given the type of interaction. We do not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below. And you can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain activities. 

The non-identifying content of a service request may be made public. You want
to help, don’t you?

If you send us a request, such as emailing us for support, we reserve the
right to publish it (absent any personally identifying information) in order
to help us clarify or respond to your request or help other users.

If you don’t like cookies or have other dietary restrictions, please tell your
browser.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s
computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the
visitor returns. We use cookies to help us track visitors’ use of the network
and their preferences. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your
computer, you should set your browser to refuse cookies, but should be aware
that certain features of the network may not function properly without them.

Our servers live in the United States. So, if you send us your info, that’s
where it’s going.

If you are outside the United States, you should know that any personally
identifiable information you enter into the network will be transferred out of
your country and into the United States, and possibly to other countries. By
using the network, you consent to such transfer, and are representing that you
have the right to transfer such information outside your country.

If you’re under 13, we want to mind our own business, not yours.

We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from
children under the age of 13. If you believe that a child has provided us with
personally identifiable information without the consent of his or her parent
or guardian, please contact us at
[team@stackexchange.com](mailto:team@stackexchange.com). If we become aware
that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable
information, we’ll delete it.

## Information You Choose to Display Publicly on the Network

If you decide to post personal information in the public parts of our sites,
it’s… um, public.

Some users may elect to publicly post personally identifying or sensitive
information about themselves in their normal use of the network. This could
occur through use of the optional profile fields, in question or answer posts,
or when an individual posts a job history on the Jobs site. Information like
that, which is voluntarily posted in publicly visible parts of the network, is
considered to be public, even if it would otherwise be considered to be
personally identifying or sensitive. As such, it is not subject to the
protocols listed below, because we don’t control it; you do. Additionally,
voluntarily publicizing such information means that you lose any privacy
rights you might normally have with regards to that information. It also
increases your chances of receiving unwanted communications, like spam.

## Information You Give to Other People

We’re not responsible for any information you give other websites we link to.
Sort of like how your TV maker isn’t responsible if you buy a lousy product,
even if you saw it in an awesome commercial.

This Policy only applies to information collected by Stack Exchange. It does
not apply to the practices of companies that we don’t own or control, or
employees that we don’t manage. The network contains links to third party
websites, and any information you provide to those sites will be covered by
any privacy policies they may have. Please be sure to read the privacy
policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is those sites’ responsibility
to protect any information you give them, so we can’t be held liable for their
wrongful use of your personally identifying information.

## How We Use Information We Collect

We will tell you what we’re collecting, what we’re doing with it, and when we
might share it with others. (Almost never, unless you ask us to.)

**Notice** – Notice is what this Policy that you’re reading is all about. You are reading it, right? It’s important! When we collect your personal information, we’ll tell you how we’re using it, any types of third parties to which we might disclose it, (other than moderators or **“agents,”** such as vendors or contractors, who are only processing such information for us or at our direction), and the choices we offer you to limit the use of your information. 

We’ll tell you all this stuff as soon as you register.

Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when you are first
asked to provide us with personal information, or as soon as practicable
thereafter, and we’ll notify you before we use the information for something
other than the purpose for which it was originally collected. If anything in
this Policy seems unclear, please don’t hesitate to contact us at
[team@stackexchange.com](mailto:team@stackexchange.com), so we can address
your question and possibly clarify this document.

If we change this policy, we’ll update this document to keep you in the loop.

Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may occasionally need to
change this Policy. If we do update it, we’ll notify you either by posting the
new policy on the network or by emailing you the changes or a link to the
modified document. (See the “Choice” section below for information about how
we’ll notify you if we change our policy regarding sensitive information.) In
any case, the way we use information you provide will be covered by the
privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected.

We mostly use your information to customize and improve your (and others’)
experience.

**Here are some of the ways we may use personal information you provide us:**

  * To allow you to register for our web sites, online communities and other services, and to administer and process those registrations
  * To communicate with you about our products, services and related issues
  * To evaluate the quality of our products and services, and to enhance your experience on our web sites
  * To help employers find or contact users who post profiles on the Jobs site
  * To maintain and administer our web sites and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies
  * To transfer information to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements

**Choice** – Choice is all about making sure you have the ability to control how we share your personal information with others. We want you to be in control of your own data disclosure. To that end, we allow anonymous and pseudonymous participation, allow you to disable several features from public share settings, and to personalize your data features and share settings at: [https://stackoverflow.com/users/prediction-data](https://stackoverflow.com/users/prediction-data). We almost never share any of your personal information with non-agent third parties, with one exception, where you basically are asking us to do so: 

If you post a profile on Jobs, employers can see your name, and if you apply
for a job, we give them your contact info. (Because they can’t hire you if
they can’t contact you.)

Users who post profiles on our Jobs site are generally doing so for the
express purpose of getting connected with potential employers. So, if you post
a profile on our Jobs site, and choose to make your profile visible to
employers, your name (which is required) and most of the other (optional)
information in your profile will be visible to employers searching for
candidates. That said, your contact information (email, phone, and address)
will not be provided to employers in their candidate searches. We will only
allow employers to have access to your contact information in two cases, both
of which are under your control:

  * If you apply directly for a specific job, you will be asked to provide your name and email address (and other optional information) to the employer
  * If an employer finds you through a search and wants to contact you, we will ask if you are interested in hearing from them, and if you are, we will then provide them with your contact information. 

Outside of when you apply for job listings, we don’t share your personal info
with anyone. That could theoretically change in a merger, etc. but the buyer
would still be bound by these rules.

Other than on Jobs, we won’t share your personal information with non-agent
third parties unless we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good
faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property, rights
or those of third parties or the public at large. It is possible that we may,
on occasion, buy or sell assets from or to other companies. If that should
occur, user information is typically one of the assets that get transferred.
Similarly, if Stack Exchange or most of its assets were acquired, or in the
unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user
information could be transferred or acquired. You should be aware that such
events can occur, and that if it does, the buyer may continue to use your
personal and non-personal information, but only as set forth in this policy.
Other than in these rare circumstances, Stack Exchange will not rent or sell
potentially personally identifying information to anyone.

In the unlikely event that we should need to collect and transfer your
sensitive information, we’ll ask first.

It’s hard to imagine that we would ever consider collecting, let alone
sharing, sensitive information with a non-agent third party, but if such a day
should come, we will first give you the opportunity to explicitly consent
(opt-in) to such disclosure or to any use of the information for a purpose
other than the one for which it was originally collected or previously
authorized.

If you give us your email, we may email you. But probably not very often.
We’re busy, too.

If you are a registered user of the network and have supplied your email
address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features,
solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with
the network. We generally use the network to communicate this type of
information, so we expect to keep this type of communication to a minimum. If
we do send you information that you did not expressly request, we will provide
you with a way to request that you don’t get any similar notices (opt-out).

Anyone that has access to your info will be required to treat it like we do.

**Onward Transfer** – Prior to providing agents with any personal information, we will obtain assurances that they will safeguard it in accordance with this policy. Examples of assurances that may be provided include: 

  * A commitment that they will handle in the information in accordance with this policy, or will provide the same level of protection, as required by the Privacy Shield IP/16/216; 
  * Privacy Shield certification by the agent, or being subject to another European Commission adequacy finding.

In the unlikely event that we should discover that an agent is using personal
information in way that conflicts with this policy, we will take all
reasonable steps to stop them immediately.

In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU and Swiss
individuals received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, Stack Exchange
remains liable.

We promise to work hard to keep your info safe, and to restrict who can access
it.

**Security** – All records containing personal or financial information are considered to be our property and are afforded confidential treatment at all times. We work hard to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal or financial information. All such electronic information is stored on restricted database servers, and is generally kept until such time as you may ask us to edit or delete it, as described below. We only disclose such information to our employees, agents or affiliates that a) need to know that information in order to process it for us or to provide other services, b) have agreed not to disclose it to others, and c) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. 

We want to keep your data accurate and up to date, so…

**Data Integrity** – In addition to assuring you that we will protect your personal information, we also want to make sure that it is reliable, accurate, and up-to-date. In order to do that, we provide: 

…we’ll provide it to you to review. Within reason.

**Access** – Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the personal information we collect about you. You will have the opportunity to correct, update, modify or delete this information by sending an e-mail to [team@stackexchange.com](mailto:team@stackexchange.com). Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your information as permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles. Additionally, there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide. For example, we may limit an individual’s access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy or where doing so would violate others’ rights. 

**Enforcement** – We will conduct internal audits of our compliance with this privacy policy, including an annual self-assessment. Our employees take your privacy as seriously as we do, and we will take all reasonable measures against any employee found to be in violation of this policy. 

If you have any concerns about your privacy, we genuinely want to know about
it.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Stack Exchange, Inc. and
covered affiliates and subsidiaries commit to resolve complaints about our
collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with
inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first
contact us (Stack Exchange, Inc.) at:
[team@stackexchange.com](mailto:team@stackexchange.com).

In the really, really, super-unlikely event that we can’t help, you can
contact PrivacyTrust.

Stack Exchange, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield
complaints to the PrivacyTrust Shield Program, an alternative dispute
resolution provider located in the United Kingdom. If you do not receive
timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed
your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit [https://www.priv
acytrust.com/drs/stackexchange](https://www.privacytrust.com/drs/stackexchange
) OR PrivacyTrust, Communications House, 26 York Street, London, W1U 6PZ, for
more information or to file a complaint. The services of PrivacyTrust Privacy
Shield Program are provided at no cost to you.

Alternatively, if you are unhappy with how we deal with your complaint, or the
outcome of our resolution, you may by right invoke binding arbitration or
refer your complaint to a data panel.

## How to Contact Us

We’re here if you need us.

If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please
contact us at [team@stackexchange.com](mailto:team@stackexchange.com).

Our Data Protection Officer is Adam Francoeur.

Who writes letters? Like with stamps and stuff? Ugh.

Written Inquiries can be sent to:

Stack Exchange, Inc.

Attn: Adam Francoeur

110 William St, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10038

USA

## Employees’ & Prospective Employees’ Information

Working here rocks. We have insanely great health insurance, reimburse
employees’ gym membership, and give employees free <strike>transportation by
unicorn</strike> transit cards.

In accordance with the Privacy Shield principles, Stack Exchange, Inc.,
commits to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and comply
with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data
transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.

  
This section covers any ways in which personal information we collect from
employees or applicants might be treated differently than user information.
You can probably stop here if you not an employee or interested in applying
for a job with Stack Exchange. But maybe you should be interested: Who
wouldn’t want to work with an amazingly talented team dedicated to making the
Internet a better place to get expert answers to questions, especially at a
company with free lunches, top-notch benefits, and a CEO who has literally
written [ the book
](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1590598385/?tag=stackoverflow17-20) on how to make
great workplaces for building amazing software. The more I think about it, the
more I think maybe you should click here after all: [https://stackexchange.com
/about/hiring](https://stackexchange.com/about/hiring). And if you do, be sure
to review the following non-comprehensive list of ways that we may use
information provided to us by employees or applicants:

If you do work or apply to work here, here’s how we handle your personal
information.

  
  
The lawyers say I have to remind you again that you really need to read the
long version on the right. Which hurts my feelings a little, but is still
probably good advice.

  * Responding to inquiries in connection with prospective employment at Stack Exchange, and processing employment applications 
  * Carrying out human resources functions like training, career / succession planning, administering contracts, evaluating employees, and providing benefits 
  * Enabling Stack Exchange and its employees to contact each other by telephone fax, e-mail or “snail mail” 
  * Administering compensation, bonus and other employment needs 
  * Arranging employees’ travel plans
  * Maintaining building security and employee health and safety 
  * Running internal administrative analytics, such as staffing, headcount and statistics initiatives 
  * Complying with our legal obligations, policies and procedures
  * Transferring personal information to others as required by our legal, regulatory, compliance and auditing needs

* Google Analytics is a registered trademark of Google, Inc. 
  
[ ![eTrust Certified Privacy Policy: Click to
Verify](https://www.privacytrust.com/seal/878767_lg.gif)
](https://www.privacytrust.com/cert/878767.html)

[](https://stackexchange.com)

##### [Stack Exchange](/)

  * [About](/about)
  * [Contact](/about/contact)
  * [Feedback](https://meta.stackexchange.com)

##### [Company](https://stackoverflow.com/company/about)

  * [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com)
  * [Stack Overflow Business](https://www.stackoverflowbusiness.com)
  * [Developer Jobs](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs)
  * [Press](https://stackoverflow.com/company/press)
  * [Legal](https://stackexchange.com/legal)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://stackexchange.com/legal/privacy-policy)

##### [Stack Exchange

Network](https://stackexchange.com)

  * Technology
  * Life / Arts
  * Culture / Recreation
  * Science
  * Other

  * [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com)
  * [Server Fault](https://serverfault.com)
  * [Super User](https://superuser.com)
  * [Web Applications](https://webapps.stackexchange.com)
  * [Ask Ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com)
  * [Webmasters](https://webmasters.stackexchange.com)
  * [Game Development](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com)

  * [TeX - LaTeX](https://tex.stackexchange.com)
  * [Software Engineering](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com)
  * [Unix & Linux](https://unix.stackexchange.com)
  * [Ask Different (Apple)](https://apple.stackexchange.com)
  * [WordPress Development](https://wordpress.stackexchange.com)
  * [Geographic Information Systems](https://gis.stackexchange.com)
  * [Electrical Engineering](https://electronics.stackexchange.com)

  * [Android Enthusiasts](https://android.stackexchange.com)
  * [Information Security](https://security.stackexchange.com)
  * [Database Administrators](https://dba.stackexchange.com)
  * [Drupal Answers](https://drupal.stackexchange.com)
  * [SharePoint](https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com)
  * [User Experience](https://ux.stackexchange.com)
  * [Mathematica](https://mathematica.stackexchange.com)

  * [Salesforce](https://salesforce.stackexchange.com)
  * [ExpressionEngine® Answers](https://expressionengine.stackexchange.com)
  * [Stack Overflow em Portugues](https://pt.stackoverflow.com)
  * [Blender](https://blender.stackexchange.com)
  * [Network Engineering](https://networkengineering.stackexchange.com)
  * [Cryptography](https://crypto.stackexchange.com)
  * [Code Review](https://codereview.stackexchange.com)

  * [Magento](https://magento.stackexchange.com)
  * [Software Recommendations](https://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com)
  * [Signal Processing](https://dsp.stackexchange.com)
  * [Emacs](https://emacs.stackexchange.com)
  * [Raspberry Pi](https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com)
  * [Stack Overflow на русском](https://ru.stackoverflow.com)
  * [Programming Puzzles & Code Golf](https://codegolf.stackexchange.com)

  * [Stack Overflow en español](https://es.stackoverflow.com)
  * [Ethereum](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com)
  * [Data Science](https://datascience.stackexchange.com)
  * [Arduino](https://arduino.stackexchange.com)
  * [Bitcoin](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com)
  * [ ** more (29) ** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#technology)

  * [Photography](https://photo.stackexchange.com)
  * [Science Fiction & Fantasy](https://scifi.stackexchange.com)
  * [Graphic Design](https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com)
  * [Movies & TV](https://movies.stackexchange.com)
  * [Music: Practice & Theory](https://music.stackexchange.com)
  * [Worldbuilding](https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com)
  * [Seasoned Advice (cooking)](https://cooking.stackexchange.com)

  * [Home Improvement](https://diy.stackexchange.com)
  * [Personal Finance & Money](https://money.stackexchange.com)
  * [Academia](https://academia.stackexchange.com)
  * [Law](https://law.stackexchange.com)
  * [ ** more (15) ** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#lifearts)

  * [English Language & Usage](https://english.stackexchange.com)
  * [Skeptics](https://skeptics.stackexchange.com)
  * [Mi Yodeya (Judaism)](https://judaism.stackexchange.com)
  * [Travel](https://travel.stackexchange.com)
  * [Christianity](https://christianity.stackexchange.com)
  * [English Language Learners](https://ell.stackexchange.com)
  * [Japanese Language](https://japanese.stackexchange.com)

  * [Arqade (gaming)](https://gaming.stackexchange.com)
  * [Bicycles](https://bicycles.stackexchange.com)
  * [Role-playing Games](https://rpg.stackexchange.com)
  * [Anime & Manga](https://anime.stackexchange.com)
  * [Puzzling](https://puzzling.stackexchange.com)
  * [Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair](https://mechanics.stackexchange.com)
  * [ ** more (33) ** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#culturerecreation)

  * [MathOverflow](https://mathoverflow.net)
  * [Mathematics](https://math.stackexchange.com)
  * [Cross Validated (stats)](https://stats.stackexchange.com)
  * [Theoretical Computer Science](https://cstheory.stackexchange.com)
  * [Physics](https://physics.stackexchange.com)
  * [Chemistry](https://chemistry.stackexchange.com)
  * [Biology](https://biology.stackexchange.com)

  * [Computer Science](https://cs.stackexchange.com)
  * [Philosophy](https://philosophy.stackexchange.com)
  * [ ** more (10) ** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#science)

  * [Meta Stack Exchange](https://meta.stackexchange.com)
  * [Stack Apps](https://stackapps.com)
  * [API](https://api.stackexchange.com)
  * [Data](https://data.stackexchange.com)
  * [Area 51](https://area51.stackexchange.com)

  * [Blog](https://stackoverflow.blog?blb=1)
  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/officialstackoverflow/)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/stackoverflow)
  * [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/stack-overflow)

site design / logo (C) 2018 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed
under [cc by-sa 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) with
[attribution required](https://stackoverflow.blog/2009/06/25/attribution-
required/). rev 2018.4.12.29829

Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled

[](/)

  * [Legal](/legal/us-user-agreement)
  * Privacy
  * [Contact Us](/contact-us)

[Sign in](/account/sign-in)

[Get the app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/venmo/id351727428?mt=8)

  * US
  * [Open Source Attribution](https://help.venmo.com/hc/en-us/articles/217042848)

  * Privacy Policy
  * [User Agreement](/legal/us-user-agreement)
  * [Licenses](/legal/us-licenses)
  * [Policy Updates](/legal/us-policy-updates)
  * [Consent](/legal/us-consent)
  * [Helpful Information](/legal/us-helpful-information)
  * [Payment Method Rights](/legal/us-payment-method-rights)
  * [Venmo Cardholder Agreement](/legal/mcb-cardholder-agreement)
  * [Venmo Card Privacy Policy](/legal/mcb-privacy-policy)

### Privacy Policy

LAST UPDATED

March 29, 2018

OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY

Venmo, a PayPal, Inc. service (the "Venmo Services"), knows that you care
about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your
privacy seriously. Our primary goal is to provide you with exceptional
service, and we understand that you may have questions or concerns regarding
your personal information and how it will be used. To make this privacy policy
easy to find, we make it available from home page of the Venmo website at
[venmo.com](https://venmo.com) (the "website") and through our mobile
applications. You may also email us at
[privacy@venmo.com](mailto:privacy@venmo.com) with any privacy-related
questions you have.

APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy applies to all information we collect through our web and
mobile applications from current and former Venmo users, including you. When
you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as
described in this policy. This policy only applies to the Venmo Services and
does not apply to the practices of any other PayPal service.

Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe
information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to
identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include
information that has been aggregated and/or anonymized so that it does not
identify a specific user.

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you visit the website or use one of our mobile applications, we collect
your IP address, and standard web log information, such as your browser type
and the pages you accessed on our website. We also may collect certain geo-
location information. If you do not agree to our collection of this
information, you may not be able to use our Service.

If you open a Venmo account, we collect the following information from you:

  * Account Information - text-enabled cellular/wireless telephone number, machine or mobile device ID and other similar information.
  * Identification Information - your name, street address, email address, date of birth, and SSN (or other governmental issued verification numbers).
  * Device Information - information about you: (a) from your mobile device such as your device type, machine or mobile device identification number, geo-location, time zone, language setting, browser type, and IP address, and (b) from third parties for purposes of transaction processing, identity verification, fraud detection or prevention and other similar purposes. For fraud prevention purposes, we also may link your machine ID with the machines of others who use your same payment cards.
  * Social Web Information - including but not limited to your Facebook connect credentials and email account information. If you authorize Facebook Connect, the plug in allows us access to your friends’ contact information. We also allow you to import data from other social web services, including but not limited to Twitter, FourSquare, and email service providers. Social and e-mail contact information helps you connect to friends and contacts for invitation and payment transmission purposes (as well as helping us improve the Services and fight fraud). Additionally, another Venmo user may mention you in a transaction to which you are not a party by “tagging” your username in a transaction note or comment. When you are mentioned in a transaction note or comment into which you have visibility (e.g., a public transaction, a “friends only” transaction by one of your Venmo friends, or a comment on either such transaction), a link to your Venmo profile will appear in the transaction note or comment and, if your push notifications are turned on, you will receive a push notification about the mentions. You may manage certain contact preferences and notifications in your account settings.
  * Financial Information - bank account online login information, bank account and routing numbers and credit cards linked to your Venmo account. Venmo does not share financial information with third party social networking services such as those listed in the prior bullet.

We are committed to providing a safe, secure and all around great Service.
Therefore, before permitting you to use our Service, we may require additional
information from you we can use to verify your identity, address or other
information or to manage risk and compliance throughout our relationship. We
may also obtain information about you from third parties such as identity
verification, fraud prevention and similar services.

When you are using the Venmo Services, we collect information about your
account transactions and we may collect information about your computer or
other access device for fraud prevention and other similar purposes.

Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways
not specifically described here. For example, we may collect information
related to your contact with our customer support team or store results when
you respond to a survey.

INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN

We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from any individuals under
the age of 18.

HOW WE USE COOKIES

When you visit our website, use our mobile application or the Venmo Services,
or visit a third-party website for which we provide online services, we and
certain business partners and vendors may use cookies and other tracking
technologies (collectively, "Cookies"). We use Cookies to recognize you as a
customer; customize Venmo Services, other content and advertising; measure the
effectiveness of promotions; perform a wide range of analytics; mitigate risk
and prevent potential fraud; and to promote trust and safety across our sites
and Venmo Services.

Certain aspects and features of the Venmo Services and our website are only
available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline
Cookies, your use of the websites and Venmo Services may be limited or not
possible.

Do Not Track: Do Not Track ("DNT") is an optional browser setting that allows
you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other
third-parties. We do not respond to DNT signals.

HOW WE PROTECT & STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION

We store and process your personal information using third party servers
located in data centers in the United States. This information is protected by
physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable
US federal and state regulations. We also use computer safeguards such as
firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our
office and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for
those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.

We strive to ensure security on our systems. Despite our efforts, we cannot
guarantee that personal information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or
destroyed by breach of our administrative, managerial and technical
safeguards. Therefore, we urge you to take adequate precautions to protect
your personal data as well, including never sharing your Venmo password with
anyone.

If Venmo learns of a systems security breach, we may attempt to notify you
electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the
Venmo Services, you agree that Venmo may communicate with you electronically.
Venmo may post a notice on the website or mobile application if a security
breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have
provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to
receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice
of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic
notice of a security breach) you should [notify us.](https://help.venmo.com/hc
/en-us/requests/new)

HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with
a safe, smooth, efficient, fun and customized experience. We may use your
personal information to:

  * provide the services and customer support you request;
  * process transactions and send notices about your transactions or your network activity;
  * resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
  * prevent potentially fraudulent, prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
  * create an account connection between your Venmo account and a third-party account or platform;
  * customize, personalize, measure, and improve our services and the content and layout of our website;
  * send you updates about new products and services that we are offering to customers;
  * compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties; and
  * perform other duties as required by law.

HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN THE VENMO NETWORK

To process payments on Venmo, we need to share some of your personal
information with the person or company that you are paying or is paying you.
Your contact information, date of sign-up, the number of payments you have
received and other verification metrics like social graph activity may be
provided to users or companies when you transact with, on, or through Venmo.

We work with vendors to enable them to accept payments from you using Venmo.
In doing so, a vendor may share information about you with us, such as your
mobile phone number or Venmo username, when you attempt to pay that vendor. We
use this information to confirm to that vendor that you are a Venmo customer
and that the vendor should enable Venmo as a form of payment for your
purchase.

Regardless, we will not disclose your credit card number or bank account
number to anyone you have paid or who has paid you through Venmo, except with
your express permission or if we are required to do so to comply with a
subpoena or other legal process.

HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES

Venmo does not share your personal information with third parties for their
promotional or marketing purposes.

We may share your personal information with:

  * Our parent company, PayPal, Inc. and affiliates and subsidiaries it controls, but only for purposes allowed by this document.
  * Companies that PayPal, Inc. plans to merge with or be acquired by or, in the event of any bankruptcy, a bankruptcy estate. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information could be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice and the opportunity to communicate preferences you may have, if applicable.
  * Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties if PayPal is compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure, when it is necessary to do so to comply with law, or where the disclosure of personal information is reasonably necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of the Venmo User Agreement, or as otherwise required by law.
  * Third party service providers who assist us in providing services to you or who provide fraud detection or similar services on our or any vendor’s behalf.
  * The other Venmo user participating in the transaction and, depending on the privacy setting of each Venmo account transaction, your Venmo friends and the Venmo friends of the other user participating in the transaction, or the public, through the Venmo feed on our website and mobile application and elsewhere on the internet.
  * Service providers under contract who help with parts of our business operations (for example, fraud prevention, payment processing, or technology services). Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
  * Other third parties with your consent or at your direction to do so, including if you authorize an account connection with a third-party account or platform.
    * For the purposes of this privacy policy, an "account connection" with such a third party is a connection you authorize or enable between your Venmo account and a non-Venmo account, payment instrument, or platform that you lawfully control or own. When you authorize such a connection, Venmo and the third-party will exchange your personal information and other information directly. Examples of account connections include: linking your Venmo account to a social media account or social messaging service; connecting your Venmo account to a third-party data aggregation or financial services company, if you provide such company with your Venmo account log-in credentials; or using your Venmo account to make payments to a merchant or allowing a merchant to charge your Venmo account.
    * If you connect your Venmo account to other financial accounts, directly or through a third-party service provider, we may have access to your account balance and account and transactional information, such as purchases and funds transfers. If you choose to create an account connection, we may receive information from the third-party about you and your use of the third-party’s service. For example, if you connect your Venmo account to a social media account, we will receive personal information from the social media provider via the account connection. We will use all such information that we receive from a third-party via an account connection in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
    * Information that we share with a third-party based on an account connection will be used and disclosed in accordance with the third-party’s privacy practices. Before authorizing an account connection, you should review the privacy notice of any third-party that will gain access to your personal information as part of the account connection. For example, personal information that Venmo shares with a third-party account or platform such as a social media account may in turn be shared with certain other parties, including the general public, depending on the account’s or platform’s privacy practices.

Venmo does not send your personal information to third-party social networks
unless you have specifically requested or authorized us to do so. When you
broadcast information to such third-party social networks, such information is
no longer under the control of Venmo and is subject to the terms of use and
privacy policies of such third parties.

HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You can review and update your personal information in your account settings
at any time by logging in to your account.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES

The website or mobile application may contain links to other third-party
websites. Venmo does not control the information collection of third-party
websites that can be reached through links from the website. We encourage our
users to be aware when they are leaving the website and to read the privacy
statements of any third-party website that collects personally identifiable
information.

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

Venmo is always improving. As the Venmo Services evolve we may occasionally
update this privacy policy. If we modify this privacy policy, we will post the
revised privacy policy to the website, and we will also revise the "last
updated date" stated above. If we make material changes in the way we use
personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our
mobile application or website or by sending you an e-mail. It is your
responsibility to periodically review this privacy policy; users are bound by
any changes to the privacy policy by using the Venmo Services after such
changes have been first posted.

HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, or any
feedback pertaining to your privacy and the Venmo Services that you would like
us to consider, please email us at
[privacy@venmo.com](mailto:privacy@venmo.com)

### Consumer Privacy Notice

Venmo is a service provided by PayPal, Inc. ("Venmo")

Facts

What does Venmo do with your personal information?

Why?

Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal
law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law
also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal
information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.

What?

The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product
or service you have with us. This information can include:

  * Social Security number and account balances
  * Payment history or transaction history
  * Credit history or credit scores

When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as
described in this notice.

How?

All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run
their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial
companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Venmo
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.

Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Venmo share?Can you limit
this sharing?

**For our everyday business purposes—**  
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to
court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus

Yes

No

**For our marketing purposes—**  
to offer our products and services to you

Yes

No

**For joint marketing with other financial companies**
Yes

No

**For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—**  
information about your transactions and experiences

Yes

No

**For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—**  
information about your creditworthiness

No

We don’t share

**For our affiliates to market to you**
No

We don’t share

**For nonaffiliates to market to you**
No

We don’t share

Who we are

Who is providing this Privacy Policy?

This privacy notice is provided by Venmo, a service of PayPal, Inc. in
connection with its provision of Venmo, and is applicable to your personal
Venmo account.

What we do

How does Venmo protect my personal information?

To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use
security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include
computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.

How does Venmo collect my personal information?

We collect your personal information, for example, when you

  * open an account or provide account information
  * link your credit or debit card to your Venmo account or give us your contact information
  * use your Venmo account to send or receive funds

We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other companies.

Why can’t I limit all sharing?

Federal law gives you the right to limit only

  * sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your creditworthiness
  * affiliates from using your information to market to you
  * sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you

State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit
sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law.

Definitions

Affiliates

Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
nonfinancial companies.

  * Our affiliates include Bill Me Later

Nonaffiliates

Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial
and nonfinancial companies.

  * Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf.

Joint Marketing

A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together
market financial products or services to you.

  * Our joint marketing partners include financial companies.

Other important information

We may transfer personal information to other countries, for example, for
customer service or to process transactions.

**California:** If your Venmo account has a California mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.

**Vermont:** If your Venmo account has a Vermont mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you with non-affiliates unless the law allows or you provide authorization.

#### Learn more

  * [How it works](/about/product)
  * [Business](/business)
  * [Security](/about/security)
  * [Contact Us](/contact-us)

#### Company

  * [Our Team](/team)
  * [Jobs](/jobs)

#### Community

  * [Blog](http://blog.venmo.com)
  * [Help Center](https://help.venmo.com/hc/en-us)
  * [Developer](https://developer.venmo.com)

#### Terms

  * [Legal](/legal/us-user-agreement)
  * [Privacy](/legal/us-privacy-policy)

[![Available on the App Store](https://cdn1.venmo.com/production/images/AppSto
re.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/venmo/id351727428?mt=8)

[![Get it on Google Play](https://cdn1.venmo.com/production/images/PlayStore.p
ng)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.venmo)

Venmo is a service of PayPal, Inc., a licensed provider of money transfer
services (NMLS ID: 910457). All money transmission is provided by PayPal, Inc.
pursuant to [PayPal, Inc.’s licenses.](/legal/us-licenses/) © 2018 PayPal,
Inc.

Copyright © Venmo.

  * [Help](https://help.venmo.com/hc/en-us)
  * [Security](/about/security)

