[![](//images.ctfassets.net/idmfh0ehr6d7/2sPiMlOQdqsum6uKC4iUQU/07526d53197d30
16aa345fa0a07c52ef/full-logo-for-dark-slash-with-blue-bg-SMALL.png) ](/login)

  * [Help](/help)

### Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) that governs how we, Girls Who
Code Inc. (“GWC”, “we”, “our” or “us”), use Personal Information (defined
below) that we collect, receive and store about individuals in connection with
the use of the website www.girlswhocode.com, and any other website that we
operate (each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a “Site”).

We do not ourselves host any of the services – all hosting is done by third
party service providers that we engage. This means that data you provide us or
that we collect from you (including any Personal Information, as defined
below) – as further described in this Privacy Policy – is hosted with such
third party service providers on servers that they own or control. Regardless
of where such third party service providers are located, their servers may be
located anywhere in the world. So please be aware that you are consenting to
your data being transferred to various third party service providers around
the world.

  1. **Introduction.** We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the privacy of other users, is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and used in connection with the Site. “Personal Information” means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.

  2.   3. **Terms of Use.** This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Use which is available at [https://hq.girlswhocode.com/terms](https://hq.girlswhocode.com/terms) (“Terms”). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms.

  4.   5. **Consent and Modification.** You are not legally obligated to provide us Personal Information, and you hereby confirm that providing us Personal Information is at your own free will. By using the Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, processing and sharing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, and your continued use of the Site thereafter means that you accept those changes.

  6.   7. **What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It.** We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on the Site. But, In order to use certain services that we offer via the Site, you may be required to create an account (“Account”). If you create an Account you will be required to join a club from the Clubs Curriculum and provide us with certain information, such as your first and last name, birthdate and email address as well as a password that you will use for your Account (“Account Information”). You may also choose to provide additional Personal Information such as age, gender, school, and demographic information as part of the Account registration process and in connection with your ongoing use of your Account. We may send you an e-mail to the e-mail address you submit to confirm your registration. If you choose not to create an Account, you may not be able to access or use certain features of the Site.

  8. The table below describes the Personal Information collected by GWC from users of the Site, whether providing it is mandatory or optional, and how it is used: 

Personal Information collected by GWC Mandatory/Optional How this Personal
Information is used

First name, last name, birthday and email address

Mandatory, on registration

To create an Account. We may use your email to send you important information
regarding the Site, changes of our terms, conditions, and policies and/or
other administrative information. Because this information may be important to
your use of the Site, if you have provided an email, you may not opt-out of
receiving such communications.

Age

Mandatory, on registration

For our internal business purposes, including for data analysis and audits. We
may use this data, in conjunction with other sources of data (for example,
responses to surveys we administer to stakeholders; data obtained from the
National Student Clearinghouse) to assess the quality and impact of our
programs, and inform you of program which may be of interest to you, and
ongoing program planning and improvements.

School

Mandatory, upon joining a Club

Same as above for "Age".

Demographic Information

Mandatory, upon joining a Club

Same as above for "Age".

"Contact Us" Information such as your name and email address.

Optional –users are not required to contact us.

This information may be collected when users submit an online form that we
make available or send an email to us. It is used to contact a user interested
in receiving information about our Site in general or our different programs
in particular.

Information generated from log files, which include information such as
internet protocol (IP) addresses, types of browsers, Internet Service
Providers (ISP), date/time stamps, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any
other information your browser may send to us.

Mandatory

We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track
users' movement around the Site, and gather demographic information.

IP address

Optional/Mandatory – Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including
whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. “Cookies” are small text
files that may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on
the Site. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or
you may choose to block cookies with your browser.

This data from cookies is collected in order for us to provide our site and
keep you logged in. Certain cookies and other technologies may serve to recall
Personal Information, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user

From Google Analytics and Leanplum: Information about your use of the Site,
such as how often you visit this Site, what pages you visit when you do so,
and what other sites you used prior to coming to this Site.

Mandatory

The information we receive from Google Analytics and Leanplum is used to
maintain and improve the Site and our products. We do not combine the
information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally
identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information
collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by
the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at [http://www.google.com/ana
lytics/terms/us.html](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html), and the
Google Privacy Policy, available at [http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/](
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).

Personal Information such as email addresses or third party website account
user names and ID.

Optional – if users invite a friend to use our Site.

This data is used in order to enable you to invite your friends to use our
Site by sending them an invitation email or message. Inviting friends may be
done by either using the Site to send or post an invitation message via your
Third Party Account; and/or by using the Site to send an invitation email to
your friend's external email address (for example, a Gmail address).

User Submissions

Optional – This is only currently relevant for the Project Gallery website.
The notices and tools that we provide on the Site are intended to inform you
which information will be made publicly available. If you publish your contact
information in any User Submissions, you may receive unsolicited messages from
other users of the Site or the public. We, therefore, encourage you only to
post information that you are sure you want to be accessible to anyone.

This information may be publicly available to other Site users, and may also
be accessed and used by people off the Site.

### User Submissions

  1. **Publicly Available Information.** Any content that you post on or via the Site (“User Submissions”) may be publicly available to other Site users, and may also be accessed and used by people off the Site. The notices and tools that we provide on the Site are intended to inform you which information will be made publicly available. If you publish your contact information in any User Submissions, you may receive unsolicited messages from other users of the Site or the public. We, therefore, encourage you only to post information that you are sure you want to be accessible to anyone. 

  2.   3. **Disclosing Personal Information.** We may transfer your Personal Information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies, if any, for the purpose of storing or processing such information on our behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. 

  4. 6.1. We may share your Personal Information with our third party service providers and partners, but only to assist us with our business operations and to provide our Site to you and other users. We use commercially reasonable efforts to only engage or interact with third party service providers and partners that post a privacy policy governing their processing of Personal Information.

6.2. We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you
submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such
information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any
applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii)
enforce our Terms, including investigations of potential violations thereof;
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv)
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of GWC, our users,
yourself or the public.

  1. **Use of Anonymous Information.** We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers in order to improve our Site and enhance your experience with the Site. We may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. “Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Site.

  2.   3. **Opting Out.** You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other Site-related emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any “Contact Us” request as well as administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Site.

  4.   5. **Choice.** At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide or disclose Personal Information. If you choose not to provide mandatory Personal Information, you may still visit parts of the Site, but you may be unable to access certain options, programs, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you. 

  6.   7. **Access/Accuracy.** To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to [hq@girlswhocode.com](mailto:hq@girlswhocode.com). Your email should include adequate details of your request. 

  8.   9. **Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products.** The Site may enable you to interact with or contain links to your Third Party Account and other third party websites, mobile software applications and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Third Party Services. Please be aware that Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.

  10.   11. **Security.** The security of Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use reasonable acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on the Service, you can contact us at [hq@girlswhocode.com](mailto:hq@girlswhocode.com). 

  12.   13. **Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy.** In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection with the foregoing events. 

  14.   15. **Our California Do Not Track Notice.**

  16. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the Site.

  1. **Deletion of Content from California Residents.** If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to remove content or Personal Information you have publicly posted. If you wish to remove such content or Personal Information and you specify which content or Personal Information you wish to be removed, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or Personal Information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of content.

  2.   3. **Commitment.** We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Service to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing and using, please contact us at [hq@girlswhocode.com](mailto:hq@girlswhocode.com). 

  4. _Last updated: August 15, 2017_

