[close this window](javascript: void 0;)

jump to content

my subreddits

[edit subscriptions](https://www.reddit.com/subreddits/)

  * [popular](https://www.reddit.com/r/popular/)
  * -[all](https://www.reddit.com/r/all/)
  * -[random](https://www.reddit.com/r/random/)
  * -[users](https://www.reddit.com/users/)
|

  * [AskReddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/)
  * -[worldnews](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/)
  * -[videos](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/)
  * -[funny](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/)
  * -[todayilearned](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/)
  * -[pics](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/)
  * -[gaming](https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/)
  * -[movies](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/)
  * -[news](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/)
  * -[gifs](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/)
  * -[mildlyinteresting](https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/)
  * -[aww](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/)
  * -[Showerthoughts](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/)
  * -[television](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/)
  * -[Jokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/)
  * -[science](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/)
  * -[OldSchoolCool](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/)
  * -[sports](https://www.reddit.com/r/sports/)
  * -[IAmA](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/)
  * -[Documentaries](https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/)
  * -[TwoXChromosomes](https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/)
  * -[explainlikeimfive](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/)
  * -[personalfinance](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/)
  * -[books](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/)
  * -[tifu](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/)
  * -[Futurology](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/)
  * -[dataisbeautiful](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/)
  * -[WritingPrompts](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/)
  * -[nottheonion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/)
  * -[food](https://www.reddit.com/r/food/)
  * -[Music](https://www.reddit.com/r/Music/)
  * -[photoshopbattles](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/)
  * -[EarthPorn](https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/)
  * -[philosophy](https://www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/)
  * -[Art](https://www.reddit.com/r/Art/)
  * -[nosleep](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/)
  * -[GetMotivated](https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/)
  * -[askscience](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/)
  * -[LifeProTips](https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/)
  * -[space](https://www.reddit.com/r/space/)
  * -[UpliftingNews](https://www.reddit.com/r/UpliftingNews/)
  * -[DIY](https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/)
  * -[history](https://www.reddit.com/r/history/)
  * -[gadgets](https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/)
  * -[creepy](https://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/)
  * -[listentothis](https://www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/)
  * -[blog](https://www.reddit.com/r/blog/)
  * -[announcements](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/)
  * -[InternetIsBeautiful](https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/)

[more »](https://www.reddit.com/subreddits/)

[reddit.com](/)

  * [hot](https://www.reddit.com/)
  * [new](https://www.reddit.com/new/)
  * [rising](https://www.reddit.com/rising/)
  * [controversial](https://www.reddit.com/controversial/)
  * [top](https://www.reddit.com/top/)
  * [gilded](https://www.reddit.com/gilded/)
  * [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/)

Want to join? [Log in](https://www.reddit.com/login) or [sign
up](https://www.reddit.com/login) in seconds.|

  * [English](javascript:void(0))

use the following search parameters to narrow your results:

subreddit:_subreddit_

    find submissions in "subreddit"
author:_username_

    find submissions by "username"
site:_example.com_

    find submissions from "example.com"
url:_text_

    search for "text" in url
selftext:_text_

    search for "text" in self post contents
self:yes (or self:no)

    include (or exclude) self posts
nsfw:yes (or nsfw:no)

    include (or exclude) results marked as NSFW

e.g. `subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog`

[see the search faq for details.](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/search)

[advanced search: by author, subreddit...](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/search)

remember me[reset password](/password)

login

[Submit a new link](https://www.reddit.com/submit)

[Submit a new text post](https://www.reddit.com/submit?selftext=true)

# WIKI TOOLS

-

  *     * [recent wiki revisions](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/revisions/)
    * [wiki page list](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/pages/)

## daily reddit gold goal

70%

[help support reddit](/gold?goldtype=code&source=progressbar)

reddit gold gives you extra features and helps keep our servers running. We
believe the more reddit can be user-supported, the freer we will be to make
reddit the best it can be.

Buy gold for yourself to gain access to [extra features](/gold/about) and
[special benefits](/r/goldbenefits). A month of gold pays for  **231.26
minutes** of reddit server time!

Give gold to thank exemplary people and encourage them to post more.

This daily goal updates every 10 minutes and is reset at midnight [Pacific
Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Time_Zone) (8 hours, 23 minutes
from now).

Yesterday's reddit gold goal

85%

# **privacypolicy**

[view](/wiki/privacypolicy)[history](/wiki/revisions/privacypolicy)[talk](/wik
i/discussions/privacypolicy)

  * Reddit, Inc. Privacy Policy Effective December 12, 2017.
  *     * Information You Provide to Us
    *       * Information Regarding Your Use of the Services
      * Transactional Information
      * Other Information
    * Information We Collect Automatically
    *       * Log and Usage Data
      * Information Collected from Cookies
      * Information Collected from Integrations
      * Location Information
    * Information We Collect from Other Sources
    * Social Sharing
    * How We Use Information About You
    * How We Share Information
    * Ads and Analytics Partners
    *       * Advertisers and Ad Networks
      * Analytics Partners
    * Security
    * Children under 13
    * Your Choices
    *       * Preferences
      * Account Information
      * Cookies
      * Advertising and Analytics
      * Do Not Track
      * Promotional Communications
      * Mobile Notifications
    * International Data Transfers
    * Changes
    * Contact Us

# **Reddit, Inc. Privacy Policy** _Effective December 12, 2017._

We want you to understand how and why Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we” or “us”)
collects, uses, and shares information about you when you access and use
Reddit’s websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and
services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with
us. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services, including those that
maintain a separate Privacy Notice that incorporates this Privacy Policy by
reference.

## Information You Provide to Us

We collect information you provide directly to us when you use our Services.
Depending on which Service you use, we may collect different information about
you. This includes:

### Information Regarding Your Use of the Services

We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our
Services. This includes information used to create your account (e.g., a
username, password and at your option, an email address), account preferences,
the content of private messages between you and other users or communities
(e.g., modmail), and the content of information you post to the Services
(e.g., text, photos, videos, links).

### Transactional Information

If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Gold), we will
collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email
address, and information about the product or service you are purchasing.
Payments are processed by third-party payment processors (e.g., Stripe and
PayPal), so please refer to the applicable processor’s terms and privacy
policy for more information about how payment information is processed and
stored.

### Other Information

You may choose to provide other information directly to us. For example, we
may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in contests,
sweepstakes or promotions, apply for a job, communicate with us via third-
party sites and services, request customer support or otherwise communicate
with us.

## Information We Collect Automatically

When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect
information about you. This includes:

### Log and Usage Data

We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include
your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral
URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked,
user interactions (e.g., voting data), the requested URL, hardware settings,
and search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your account,
Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.

### Information Collected from Cookies

We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser
stores and sends back to us when making requests. We use this information to
improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and
advertisements, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store
and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings. For
more information on how you can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices”
below.

### Information Collected from Integrations

We may receive information about you from third-party websites that integrate
our Services, including our widgets, buttons, and advertising technology. For
example, when you visit a website that uses our comment-embed widget, we may
receive information about the web page you visited. You can control how we use
this information to personalize the Services for you by adjusting your
preferences [here](https://reddit.com/personalization).

### Location Information

We may receive and process information about your location. For example, with
your consent, we may collect information about the specific location of your
mobile device (for example, by using GPS or Bluetooth). You can revoke this
consent at any time by changing the preferences on your device, but doing so
may affect your ability to use all of the features and functionality of our
Services. We may also receive location information from you when you choose to
share such information on our Services, including by associating your content
with a location, or we may derive your approximate location from other
information about you, including your IP address.

## Information We Collect from Other Sources

We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other
users and third parties, and combine that information with the other
information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or
interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers, and
combine it with our own data using a common account identifier such as a hash
of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can control how we use this
information to personalize the Services for you by adjusting your preferences
[here](https://reddit.com/personalization).

## Social Sharing

We may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools that let you
share content or actions you take on our Services with other media. Your use
of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends
or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party
that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the
purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social
sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that
provide these social sharing features (e.g.,
[Tumblr](https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/privacy),
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy),
[Pinterest](https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy), and
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en)).

## How We Use Information About You

We use information about you to:

  * Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
  * Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the [Reddit user agreement](https://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement);
  * Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices and other support and administrative messages;
  * Provide customer service;
  * Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below);
  * Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; and
  * Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content and features that match user profiles or interests. (for information about how to manage the types of advertisements you experience on our Services, see “Your Choices” below).

## How We Share Information

When you use the Services, certain information may be shared with other users
and the public. For example:

  * When you submit a post or comment to the Services, visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see the content of your posts and comments, the username associated with your posts or comments, and the date and time you originally submitted the post or comment. Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at the moderator’s option in the case of private communities) and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Services. 
  * When you send private messages or messages via modmail, the recipients of those messages will be able to see the content of your message, your username, and the date and time the message was sent. Moderators may elect to have modmail forwarded to their email accounts and, as a result, any modmail received by these moderators will be subject to the terms and policies of the moderator’s email provider.
  * When other users view your profile, they will be able to see information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Gold status, and how long you have been a member of the Services.

Please note that, even when you delete your account, the posts, comments and
messages you submit through the Services may still be viewable or available on
our servers. For more information, see “Your Choices” below.

We will not share, sell, or give away any of our users’ personal information
to third parties, unless one of the following circumstances applies:

  * Except as it relates to advertisers and our ad partners, we may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us;
  * If you participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with our Services, we may share information with entities that partner with us to provide these offerings;
  * We may share information (and will attempt to provide you with prior notice, to the extent legally permissible) in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements;
  * We may share information in response to an emergency if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person;
  * We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements, [rules](https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy), or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others;
  * We may share information between and among Reddit, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
  * We may share information with your consent or at your direction. 

We may share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably
be used to identify you.

## Ads and Analytics Partners

We may partner with third-party advertisers, ad networks, and analytics
providers to deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and to
better understand your use of the Services. These third parties may collect
information sent by your computer, browser, or mobile device in response to a
request for content, such as unique identifiers, your IP address, or other
information about your computer or device. For example:

### Advertisers and Ad Networks

Our ad partners and ad networks may use cookies and use related technologies
to collect information when ads are delivered to you on our Services, but
Reddit does not link to or provide them with your actual Reddit account
details. This means that Reddit does not share your individual account
browsing habits with advertisers. Reddit cannot see advertisers’ cookies and
advertisers will not see Reddit cookies.

### Analytics Partners

We use analytics partners (such as [Google
Analytics](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)) to help analyze
usage and traffic for our Services. As an example, we may use analytics
partners to analyze and measure, in the aggregate, the number of unique
visitors to our Services.

For more information about how you may control the collection and/or use of
information for advertising and analytics purposes, please see “Your Choices.”

## Security

We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss,
theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and
destruction.

## Children under 13

Although we welcome users from all walks of life, Reddit is not intended or
directed at individuals under the age of 13. Therefore, individuals under the
age of 13 may not create an account or otherwise access or use the Services.

## Your Choices

As a Reddit user, you have choices about how to protect and limit the
collection, use, and disclosure of, information about you. This includes:

### Preferences

We may provide you with tools and preference settings that allow you to
access, correct, delete, and modify information associated with your account.

### Account Information

You may delete your account information at any time by logging into your
account and following the steps under “Preferences.” When you delete your
account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated
from content you posted under that account. Please note, however, that the
posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account
will still be visible to others, unless you delete such content. We may also
retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate
business purposes after you delete your account.

### Cookies

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can
usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party
cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this
could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.

### Advertising and Analytics

Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out
mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional tools
and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how
you can opt-out. For example, you may manage the use and collection of certain
information by Google Analytics
[here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

We also offer you choices about receiving personalized advertisements. You can
adjust how we personalize advertisements for you by visiting your ads
preferences [here](https://www.reddit.com/personalization). You may also
generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-
party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about these advertisements or
to opt out, please visit the websites of the [Digital Advertising
Alliance](http://optout.aboutads.info/#!) and the [Network Advertising
Initiative](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!).

### Do Not Track

Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to
the websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.
However, there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to
this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the
choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of
information about you.

### Promotional Communications

You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following
the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send
you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or
your use of our Services.

### Mobile Notifications

With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
device.

## International Data Transfers

We are based in the United States and the information we collect is governed
by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing
information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of
information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the
same rights as you do under local law.

In connection with Reddit's processing of personal data received from the
European Union and Switzerland, we adhere to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Program (“Privacy Shield”) and comply with its framework and
principles.

For more information about the Privacy Shield principles and to view our
certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s [Privacy Shield
website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/).

Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the
Privacy Shield principles to the point of contact listed in the “Contact Us”
section below. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your
complaint free of charge to [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-
shield). Under certain conditions specified by the Privacy Shield principles,
you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal
Trade Commission. If we share EU or Swiss data with a third-party service
provider that processes the data solely on our behalf, then we will be liable
for that third party’s processing of EU or Swiss data in violation of the
Privacy Shield principles, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for
the event giving rise to the damage.

## Changes

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you
know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If we make a change to
this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will provide you
with additional notice (such as adding a statement to
[r/announcements](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/), the front page of
the Services or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the
Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact
with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can
help protect your privacy. If you continue to use our Services after Privacy
Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email
[legal@reddit.com](mailto:legal@reddit.com).

# **Reddit, Inc. Privacy Policy** *Effective December 12, 2017.* We want you
to understand how and why Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we” or “us”) collects,
uses, and shares information about you when you access and use Reddit’s
websites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services
(collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us. This
Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services, including those that maintain a
separate Privacy Notice that incorporates this Privacy Policy by reference.
##Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to
us when you use our Services. Depending on which Service you use, we may
collect different information about you. This includes: ###Information
Regarding Your Use of the Services We collect the content and other
information you provide when you use our Services. This includes information
used to create your account (e.g., a username, password and at your option, an
email address), account preferences, the content of private messages between
you and other users or communities (e.g., modmail), and the content of
information you post to the Services (e.g., text, photos, videos, links).
###Transactional Information If you purchase products or services from us
(e.g., Reddit Gold), we will collect certain information from you, including
your name, address, email address, and information about the product or
service you are purchasing. Payments are processed by third-party payment
processors (e.g., Stripe and PayPal), so please refer to the applicable
processor’s terms and privacy policy for more information about how payment
information is processed and stored. ###Other Information You may choose to
provide other information directly to us. For example, we may collect
information when you fill out a form, participate in contests, sweepstakes or
promotions, apply for a job, communicate with us via third-party sites and
services, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
##Information We Collect Automatically When you access or use our Services, we
may also automatically collect information about you. This includes: ###Log
and Usage Data We may log information when you access and use the Services.
This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating
system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited,
links clicked, user interactions (e.g., voting data), the requested URL,
hardware settings, and search terms. Except for the IP address used to create
your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.
###Information Collected from Cookies We may receive information from cookies,
which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making
requests. We use this information to improve your experience, understand user
activity, personalize content and advertisements, and improve the quality of
our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your
preferred language and other settings. For more information on how you can
disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below. ###Information Collected
from Integrations We may receive information about you from third-party
websites that integrate our Services, including our widgets, buttons, and
advertising technology. For example, when you visit a website that uses our
comment-embed widget, we may receive information about the web page you
visited. You can control how we use this information to personalize the
Services for you by adjusting your preferences
[here](https://reddit.com/personalization). ###Location Information We may
receive and process information about your location. For example, with your
consent, we may collect information about the specific location of your mobile
device (for example, by using GPS or Bluetooth). You can revoke this consent
at any time by changing the preferences on your device, but doing so may
affect your ability to use all of the features and functionality of our
Services. We may also receive location information from you when you choose to
share such information on our Services, including by associating your content
with a location, or we may derive your approximate location from other
information about you, including your IP address. ##Information We Collect
from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources,
including from other users and third parties, and combine that information
with the other information we have about you. For example, we may receive
demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including
advertisers, and combine it with our own data using a common account
identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can
control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you by
adjusting your preferences [here](https://reddit.com/personalization).
##Social Sharing We may offer social sharing features or other integrated
tools that let you share content or actions you take on our Services with
other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain
information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you
establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For
more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing
in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies
of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g.,
[Tumblr](https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/privacy),
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy),
[Pinterest](https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy), and
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en)). ##How We Use Information
About You We use information about you to: * Provide, maintain, and improve
the Services; * Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which
includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the
[Reddit user agreement](https://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement); * Send you
technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices and other support and
administrative messages; * Provide customer service; * Communicate with you
about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other
news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information
about how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below); *
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our
Services; and * Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content
and features that match user profiles or interests. (for information about how
to manage the types of advertisements you experience on our Services, see
“Your Choices” below). ##How We Share Information When you use the Services,
certain information may be shared with other users and the public. For
example: * When you submit a post or comment to the Services, visitors to and
users of our Services will be able to see the content of your posts and
comments, the username associated with your posts or comments, and the date
and time you originally submitted the post or comment. Although some parts of
the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at
the moderator’s option in the case of private communities) and you should take
that into consideration before posting to the Services. * When you send
private messages or messages via modmail, the recipients of those messages
will be able to see the content of your message, your username, and the date
and time the message was sent. Moderators may elect to have modmail forwarded
to their email accounts and, as a result, any modmail received by these
moderators will be subject to the terms and policies of the moderator’s email
provider. * When other users view your profile, they will be able to see
information about your activities on the Services, such as your username,
prior posts and comments, karma, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Gold
status, and how long you have been a member of the Services. Please note that,
even when you delete your account, the posts, comments and messages you submit
through the Services may still be viewable or available on our servers. For
more information, see “Your Choices” below. We will not share, sell, or give
away any of our users’ personal information to third parties, unless one of
the following circumstances applies: * Except as it relates to advertisers and
our ad partners, we may share information with vendors, consultants, and other
service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for
us; * If you participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, special offers,
or other events or activities in connection with our Services, we may share
information with entities that partner with us to provide these offerings; *
We may share information (and will attempt to provide you with prior notice,
to the extent legally permissible) in response to a request for information if
we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable
law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including, but not
limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; * We
may share information in response to an emergency if we believe it's necessary
to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person; * We may share
information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user
agreements, [rules](https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy), or other
Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves
and others; * We may share information between and among Reddit, and its
current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies
under common control and ownership; and * We may share information with your
consent or at your direction. We may share aggregated or de-identified
information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. ##Ads and
Analytics Partners We may partner with third-party advertisers, ad networks,
and analytics providers to deliver advertising and content targeted to your
interests and to better understand your use of the Services. These third
parties may collect information sent by your computer, browser, or mobile
device in response to a request for content, such as unique identifiers, your
IP address, or other information about your computer or device. For example:
###Advertisers and Ad Networks Our ad partners and ad networks may use cookies
and use related technologies to collect information when ads are delivered to
you on our Services, but Reddit does not link to or provide them with your
actual Reddit account details. This means that Reddit does not share your
individual account browsing habits with advertisers. Reddit cannot see
advertisers’ cookies and advertisers will not see Reddit cookies. ###Analytics
Partners We use analytics partners (such as [Google
Analytics](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)) to help analyze
usage and traffic for our Services. As an example, we may use analytics
partners to analyze and measure, in the aggregate, the number of unique
visitors to our Services. For more information about how you may control the
collection and/or use of information for advertising and analytics purposes,
please see “Your Choices.” ##Security We take reasonable measures to help
protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. ##Children under 13 Although
we welcome users from all walks of life, Reddit is not intended or directed at
individuals under the age of 13. Therefore, individuals under the age of 13
may not create an account or otherwise access or use the Services. ##Your
Choices As a Reddit user, you have choices about how to protect and limit the
collection, use, and disclosure of, information about you. This includes:
###Preferences We may provide you with tools and preference settings that
allow you to access, correct, delete, and modify information associated with
your account. ###Account Information You may delete your account information
at any time by logging into your account and following the steps under
“Preferences.” When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible
to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted
prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others, unless you
delete such content. We may also retain certain information about you as
required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your
account. ###Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If
you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject
first- and third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or
reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our
Services. ###Advertising and Analytics Some analytics providers we partner
with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and
as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to
better understand cookies and how you can opt-out. For example, you may manage
the use and collection of certain information by Google Analytics
[here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). We also offer you choices
about receiving personalized advertisements. You can adjust how we personalize
advertisements for you by visiting your ads preferences
[here](https://www.reddit.com/personalization). You may also generally opt out
of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-party advertisers
and ad networks. To learn more about these advertisements or to opt out,
please visit the websites of the [Digital Advertising
Alliance](http://optout.aboutads.info/#!) and the [Network Advertising
Initiative](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!). ###Do Not Track Most
modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the
websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. However,
there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this signal,
and we do not take any action in response to this signal. Instead, in addition
to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in
this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you.
###Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving promotional
communications from us by following the instructions in those communications.
If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as
information about your account or your use of our Services. ###Mobile
Notifications With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional
push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
device. ##International Data Transfers We are based in the United States and
the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the
Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the
processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other
countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
In connection with Reddit's processing of personal data received from the
European Union and Switzerland, we adhere to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Program (“Privacy Shield”) and comply with its framework and
principles. For more information about the Privacy Shield principles and to
view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
[Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/). Please direct any
inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield
principles to the point of contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below.
If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of
charge to [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield). Under certain
conditions specified by the Privacy Shield principles, you may also be able to
invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. We are subject to the
investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. If we
share EU or Swiss data with a third-party service provider that processes the
data solely on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party’s
processing of EU or Swiss data in violation of the Privacy Shield principles,
unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to
the damage. ##Changes We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If
we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If
we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we
will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to
[r/announcements](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/), the front page of
the Services or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the
Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Services or otherwise interact
with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can
help protect your privacy. If you continue to use our Services after Privacy
Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy. ##Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email
legal@reddit.com.

* * *

_revision by [bettercallzac](https://www.reddit.com/user/bettercallzac)-- 4
months agoview source_

  * about
  * [blog](https://redditblog.com)
  * [about](https://www.redditinc.com)
  * [advertising](https://www.redditinc.com/advertising)
  * [careers](https://www.redditinc.com/careers)

  * help
  * [site rules](https://www.reddit.com/rules/)
  * [Reddit help center](https://www.reddithelp.com)
  * [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/)
  * [reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette/)
  * [mod guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/help/healthycommunities/)
  * [contact us](https://www.reddit.com/contact/)

  * apps & tools
  * [Reddit for iPhone](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/reddit-the-official-app/id1064216828?mt=8)
  * [Reddit for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.reddit.frontpage)
  * mobile website
  * [buttons](https://www.reddit.com/buttons/)

  * <3
  * [reddit gold](https://www.reddit.com/gold/about/)
  * [redditgifts](http://redditgifts.com)

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our [User
Agreement](https://www.reddit.com/help/useragreement) and [Privacy
Policy](https://www.reddit.com/help/privacypolicy). (C) 2018 reddit inc. All
rights reserved.

REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.

![](//reddit.com/static/pixel.png)

π Rendered by PID 74775 on app-717  at 2018-04-12 22:36:43.850384+00:00
running f7053fc country code: US.

