  * Skip to Search Form 
  * Skip to Navigation 
  * Skip to Page Content 

[Yelp](/)

Find

Near

Cancel

Search

  * [ Sign Up ](/signup)
  * [ Log In ](https://www.yelp.com/login?return_url=%2Ftos%2Fprivacy_en_us_20160131)

[ ](javascript:;)

[ Login
](https://www.yelp.com/login?return_url=%2Ftos%2Fprivacy_en_us_20160131)

[ Sign Up ](/signup)

  * [ ** About Me ** ](/user_details)
  * [ ** Talk ** ](/talk)

## Oops, we can't find your location

First, try refreshing the page and clicking Current Location again. Make sure
you click **Allow** or **Grant Permissions** if your browser asks for your
location. If your browser doesn't ask you, try these steps:

  1. At the top of your Chrome window, near the web address, click **the green lock labeled Secure**.
  2. In the window that pops up, make sure **Location** is set to **Ask** or **Allow**.
  3. You're good to go! Reload this Yelp page and try your search again.

If you're still having trouble, check out [Google's support page](https://supp
ort.google.com/chrome/answer/142065?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en&oco=0).
You can also search near a city, place, or address instead.

  1. At the top of your Opera window, near the web address, you should see a **gray location pin**. Click it.
  2. In the window that pops up, click **Clear This Setting**
  3. You're good to go! Reload this Yelp page and try your search again.

If you're still having trouble, check out Opera's support page. You can also
search near a city, place, or address instead.

  1. Click **Safari** in the Menu Bar at the top of the screen, then **Preferences**.
  2. Click the **Privacy** tab.
  3. Under **Website use of location services**, click **Prompt for each website once each day** or **Prompt for each website one time only**.
  4. MacOS may now prompt you to enable Location Services. If it does, follow its instructions to enable Location Services for Safari.
  5. Close the Privacy menu and refresh the page. Try using Current Location search again. If it works, great! If not, read on for more instructions.
  6. Back in the **Privacy** dialog, Click **Manage Website Data...** and type **yelp.com** into the search bar.
  7. Click the **yelp.com** entry and click Remove.
  8. You're good to go! Close the Settings tab, reload this Yelp page, and try your search again.

If you're still having trouble, check out [Safari's support
page](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204690). You can also search near a
city, place, or address instead.

  1. At the top of your Firefox window, to the left of the web address, you should see a **green lock**. Click it.
  2. In the window that pops up, you should see **Blocked** or **Blocked Temporarily** next to **Access Your Location**. Click the **x** next to this line.
  3. You're good to go! Refresh this Yelp page and try your search again.

If you're still having trouble, check out [Firefox's support
page](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/geolocation/). You can also search
near a city, place, or address instead.

  1. Click the **gear** in the upper-right hand corner of the window, then **Internet options**.
  2. Click the **Privacy** tab in the new window that just appeared.
  3. Uncheck the box labeled **Never allow websites to request your physical location** if it's already checked.
  4. Click the button labeled **Clear Sites**.
  5. You're good to go! Click **OK**, then refresh this Yelp page and try your search again.

You can also search near a city, place, or address instead.

  1. At the top-right hand corner of the window, click the **button with three dots on it**, then **Settings**.
  2. Click **Choose what to clear** underneath **Clear browsing data**.
  3. Click **Show more**, then make sure only the box labeled **Location permissions** is checked.
  4. Click **Clear**.
  5. You're good to go! Refresh this Yelp page and try your search again.

You can also search near a city, place, or address instead.

Oops! We don't recognize the web browser you're currently using. Try checking
the browser's help menu, or searching the Web for instructions to turn on
HTML5 Geolocation for your browser. You can also search near a city, place, or
address instead.

Something broke and we're not sure what. Try again later, or search near a
city, place, or address instead.

We couldn't find you quickly enough! Try again later, or search near a city,
place, or address instead.

We couldn't find an accurate position. If you're using a laptop or tablet, try
moving it somewhere else and give it another go. Or, search near a city,
place, or address instead.

  * [ Restaurants ](/search?cflt=restaurants&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)

  * [ Nightlife ](/search?cflt=nightlife&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)

  * [ Home Services  ](/search?cflt=homeservices&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)

    * [ Air Conditioning & Heating  ](/search?cflt=hvac&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Contractors  ](/search?cflt=contractors&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Electricians  ](/search?cflt=electricians&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Home Cleaners  ](/search?cflt=homecleaning&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Landscapers  ](/search?cflt=landscaping&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Locksmiths  ](/search?cflt=locksmiths&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Movers  ](/search?cflt=movers&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Painters  ](/search?cflt=painters&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)
    * [ Plumbers  ](/search?cflt=plumbing&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA%2C+US)

  * [ Write a Review ](/writeareview)

  * [ Events ](/events)

  * [ Talk ](/talk)

[ Log In
](https://www.yelp.com/login?return_url=%2Ftos%2Fprivacy_en_us_20160131)

![Yelp](https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/assets/2/www/img/b7e9d647188d/gfx/hea
der_print.gif)

# Privacy Policy

**Last Updated on January 31, 2016.** This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for users registering accounts after that date and will become effective on March 2, 2016 for pre-existing users. To review the previous policy, please click [here](/tos/privacy_en_us_20150504). 

This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and
disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our
services, including those offered through our websites, emails, and mobile
applications (collectively, the **"Service"**). The terms **"we"**, **"us"**,
and **"Yelp"** refer to Yelp Inc., a Delaware corporation. When you use the
Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information
about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Table of Contents

  1. Information We Collect and How We Use It
  2. Cookies
  3. Third Parties
  4. Controlling Your Personal Data
  5. Data Retention and Account Termination
  6. Children
  7. Security
  8. Contact Information
  9. International Data Transfer
  10. Modifications to This Privacy Policy
  11. California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights

## 1. Information We Collect and How We Use It

We may collect and store information about you when you use the Service. We
use the information to fulfill your requests, provide the Service’s
functionality, improve the Service’s quality, personalize your experience,
track usage of the Service, provide feedback to third party businesses that
are listed on the Service, display relevant advertising, market the Service,
provide customer support, message you, back up our systems and allow for
disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Service, and comply with legal
obligations.

Among the information we collect, please note:

  1. **Account Information:** If you create an account on Yelp, we may store and use your full name, email address, zip code, and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender and birth date. Your first name and last initial, as well as any photo you submit through the registration process, will be publicly displayed as part of your account profile. You can modify some of the information associated with your account [here](/profile). If you believe that someone has created an unauthorized account depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal [by flagging it](https://www.yelp-support.com/article/000007141?l=en_US).
  2. **Public Content:** The information that you contribute through the Service is intended for public consumption, including your reviews, tips, photos, videos, check-ins, comments, likes, Talk posts, Events, bookmarks, friends, lists, compliments, and account profile. We may display this information through the Service, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.
  3. **Contacts:** You can invite your friends to join the Service by providing us with their contact information, or by allowing us to access your contacts from your computer, mobile device, or third party sites to select which friends you want to invite. If you allow us to access your contacts, we may transmit that information to Yelp long enough to process your invitations.
  4. **Communications:** When you sign up for an account or use certain features, you are opting to receive messages from other Yelp users, businesses, and Yelp itself. You can manage some of your messaging preferences [here](/profile_email_notifications), but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative, transactional, or legal messages from Yelp. For example, if you make a reservation through the Service, we may send you messages about your reservation using the contact information you provide, including SMS text messages to your phone. We may also track your actions in response to the messages you receive from Yelp or through the Service, such as whether you deleted, opened, or forwarded such messages. If you exchange messages with others through the Service, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and we may review and disclose them in connection with investigations related to the operation and use of the Service. We may not deliver messages that we believe are objectionable, such as spam messages or requests to exchange reviews for compensation. If you send or receive messages through the Service via SMS text message, we may log phone numbers, phone carriers, and the date and time that the messages were processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive. We may also store information that you provide through communications to us, including from phone calls, letters, emails and other electronic messages, or in person. If you are a representative of a business listed on Yelp, including users of [Yelp for Business Owners](https://biz.yelp.com), we may contact you, including by phone or email, using the contact information you provide us, make publicly available, or that we have on record for your business.
  5. **Transactional Information:** If you initiate a transaction through the Service, such as a reservation or purchase, we may collect and store information about you, such as your name, phone number, address, email, and credit card information, as well as any other information you provide to us, in order to process your transaction, send communications about them to you, and populate forms for future transactions. This information may be shared with third parties for the same purposes. Yelp does not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their services to you unless you first agree to such disclosure. When you submit credit card numbers, we encrypt that information using industry standard technology. If you write reviews about businesses with which you transact through the Service, we may publicly display the fact that you transacted with those businesses. For example, if you make a dinner reservation through the Service and write a review about your experience, we may publicly display the fact that you made your dinner reservation through the Service.
  6. **Activity:** We may store information about your use of the Service, such as your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit, businesses you call using our mobile applications, and reservations and purchases you make through the Service. We also may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Service, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, phone number, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs. You may be able to disallow our use of certain location data through your device or browser settings, for example by disabling “Location Services” for the Yelp application in iOS privacy settings.

## 2. Cookies

We, and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, web beacons,
tags, scripts, local shared objects such as HTML5 and Flash (sometimes called
"flash cookies"), advertising identifiers (including mobile identifiers such
as Apple’s IDFA or Google’s Advertising ID) and similar technology
(**"Cookies"**) in connection with your use of the Service, third party
websites, and mobile applications. Cookies may have unique identifiers, and
reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we
send to you, and on our web pages. Cookies may transmit information about you
and your use of the Service, such as your browser type, search preferences, IP
address, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or
that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be
persistent or stored only during an individual session.

The purposes for which we use Cookies in the Service include:

Purpose Explanation

Processes

Intended to make the Service work in the way you expect. For example, we use a
Cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.

Authentication, Security, and Compliance

Intended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and
comply with legal requirements. For example, we use Cookies to determine if
you are logged in.

Preferences

Intended to remember information about how you prefer the Service to behave
and look. For example, we use a Cookie that tells us whether you have declined
to allow us to use your phone’s geolocation data.

Notifications

Intended to allow or prevent notices of information or options that we think
could improve your use of the Service. For example, we use a Cookie that stops
us from showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.

Advertising

Intended to make advertising more relevant to users and more valuable to
advertisers. For example, we may use Cookies to serve you interest-based ads,
such as ads that are displayed to you based on your visits to other websites,
or to tell us if you have recently clicked on an ad.

Analytics

Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Service. For example, we
use a Cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your
interactions with the search page.

**Managing Cookies:** It may be possible to disable some (but not all) Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect the functionality of the Service. The method for disabling Cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings. For example, iOS and Android devices each have settings which are designed to limit forms of ad tracking. For flash cookies, you can manage your privacy settings by clicking [here](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118). Please note that changing any of these settings does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.

## 3. Third Parties

Third parties may receive information about you as follows:

  1. **Advertisers:** We may allow third parties to use Cookies through the Service to collect the same type of information for the same purposes as Yelp does for itself. In doing so, Yelp adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Third parties may be able to associate the information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources. We do not necessarily have access to or control over the Cookies they use, but you may be able to opt out of some of their practices by visiting the following links: [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/), [Omniture](https://www.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?omniture=1&popup=1&locale=en_US&second=1&second_has_cookie=0), [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) and [PrivacyChoice](http://privacychoice.org/trackerblock). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you. Additionally, we may share non-personally identifiable information from or about you with third parties, such as location data, advertising identifiers, or a cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to facilitate the display of targeted advertising. You may be able to limit our sharing of some of this information through your mobile device settings, as described in Section 2 above.
  2. **Service Providers:** We may rely on third party providers to support or provide some of the services that are available through the Service, such as reservations and food delivery. We may also rely on third party providers to perform certain services for us in connection with your use of the Service, such as communications and hosting services, network security, technical and customer support, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance testing, payment processing, our own marketing of the Service, and other functions. We may share information from or about you with these third party providers so that they can perform their services or complete your requests. These third party providers may share information with us that they obtain from or about you in connection with providing their services or completing your requests. Third party providers may also share this information with their subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control. Some of our web pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to you from our third party providers, while preserving the look and feel of the Service. In such cases, please note that the information you provide is being provided to the third party.
  3. **Aggregate Information:** We may share user information in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertisements.
  4. **Business Transfers:** We may share information from or about you with our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires Yelp or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess the same information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
  5. **Businesses on Yelp:** We may share information from or about you (such as your age and gender), your devices, and your use of the Service (such as which businesses you bookmark or call) with businesses listed on Yelp. You may adjust your settings to increase or decrease the amount of information we share. You can view these settings and find more details about what information may be shared [here](/profile_privacy). Keep in mind that businesses may see your Public Content (as defined in Section 1(b) above) and receive information about your transactions with them, regardless of your settings. Additionally, if you make a phone call to a business through or in connection with your use of the Service, we may share information about your call with the business that the business would have received had you called them directly, such as the date and time of your call and your phone number. You may be able to limit our ability to collect and share your phone number through your phone’s settings or phone service provider.
  6. **Investigations:** We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure (a) is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) is helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service; or (c) protects our rights, reputation, property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public, such as disclosures in connection with our Consumer Alerts program. If you flag or otherwise complain to Yelp about content through the Service, we may share the substance of your complaint with the contributor of that content in order to provide an opportunity for the contributor to respond.
  7. **Links:** The Service may contain links to unaffiliated third party services. Except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with them, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on or applicable to all such third party services.
  8. **Third Party Accounts:** If you sign up for Yelp using a third party service like Facebook, or link your Yelp account to your account with a third party service like Facebook or Twitter, we may receive information about you from such third party service.

## 4. Controlling Your Personal Data

Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account,
if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can
reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Service
pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your
contributions to the Service. Users can also use the Find Friends feature to
find one another based on their names or email addresses. You can adjust the
settings for this feature [here](/profile_privacy).

Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the Service are
only private to the extent that both you and the person you are communicating
with keep them private. For example, if you send a message to another user,
that user may choose to publicly post it. Also, Yelp may access and disclose
such messages in the course of investigations relating to use of the Service.

## 5. Data Retention and Account Termination

You can close your account by clicking
[here](https://www.yelp.com/support/contact/account_closure). We will remove
your public posts from view and/or dissociate them from your account profile,
but we may retain information about you for the purposes authorized under this
Privacy Policy unless prohibited by law. For example, we may retain
information to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in
connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations. Please note
that businesses cannot remove their business listings, ratings, or reviews by
closing their accounts.

## 6. Children

The Service is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children
under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under
13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information
without parental consent, please contact us
[here](https://www.yelp.com/support/contact/legal_inquiries). If we become
aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without
parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the
child's account.

## 7. Security

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or
method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to
use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## 8. Contact Information

If you believe that Yelp has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, you may
contact us online by [clicking here](/contact?topic=privacy) or write to us at
the following address:

Yelp Inc.

Attn: Data Privacy Manager

140 New Montgomery St.

San Francisco, California 94105

United States of America

## 9. International Data Transfer

For users residing in the European Union, please note that the personal data
information we obtain from or about you may be transferred, processed and
stored outside of the E.U. for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy,
including in the United States of America. We take the privacy of our users
seriously and therefore take steps to safeguard your information, including
assuring an adequate level of data protection in accordance with E.U.
standards. Please note that Yelp Ireland Ltd., a limited liability company
established and resident under the laws of the Republic of Ireland, is the
“data controller” responsible for protecting your personal data related to the
Service. If you would like additional information about your personal data and
its use in connection with this Service, including correcting any incorrect
information, please contact the Data Privacy Manager at the address above. We
will take such steps as we deem necessary to confirm your identity before
sharing any personal data with you. We will respond to proper and confirmed
requests relating to personal data within 30 days, or as otherwise required by
applicable law. If you are not satisfied with the way your request was
handled, you may refer your request to the Irish Data Protection Commissioner.

## 10. Modifications to This Privacy Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version
of the Privacy Policy will govern our collection, use, and disclosure of
information about you and will be located [here](/static?p=privacy). If we
make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or
by posting a notice on the Service prior to the effective date of the changes.
By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become
effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.

## 11. California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights

Yelp does not disclose your personal information to third parties for the
purpose of directly marketing their services to you unless you first agree to
such disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this policy, or would
like to change your preferences, you may contact us at the address listed
above in Section 8.

### About

  * [About Yelp](https://yelp.com/about)
  * [Careers](/careers/home)
  * [Press](/press)
  * [Investor Relations](http://yelp-ir.com/)
  * [Content Guidelines](/guidelines)
  * [Terms of Service](/static?p=tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/tos/privacy_policy)
  * [Ad Choices](/static?locale=en_US&p=privacy#third-parties)

### Discover

  * [The Local Yelp](/local_yelp)
  * [Yelp Blog](https://officialblog.yelp.com/)
  * [Support](https://www.yelp-support.com/?l=en_US)
  * [Yelp Mobile](/yelpmobile?source=footer)
  * [Developers](/developers?country=US)
  * [RSS](/rss)

### Yelp for Business Owners

  * [Claim your Business Page](https://biz.yelp.com/?utm_campaign=claim_business&utm_content=claim_footer_link&utm_medium=www&utm_source=footer)
  * [Advertise on Yelp](/advertise)
  * [Yelp Reservations](https://www.yelpreservations.com/)
  * [Yelp WiFi](https://www.yelpwifi.com/)
  * [Business Success Stories](https://biz.yelp.com/support/case_studies)
  * [Business Support](https://www.yelp-support.com/Yelp_for_Business_Owners?l=en_US)
  * [Yelp Blog for Business Owners](https://www.yelpblog.com/section/business)

### Languages

[ English  ](javascript:;)

  * [ Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)  ](https://ms.yelp.my/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Čeština (Česká republika)  ](https://www.yelp.cz/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Dansk (Danmark)  ](https://www.yelp.dk/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Deutsch (Deutschland)  ](https://www.yelp.de/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Deutsch (Schweiz)  ](https://de.yelp.ch/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Deutsch (Österreich)  ](https://www.yelp.at/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Australia)  ](https://www.yelp.com.au/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Belgium)  ](https://en.yelp.be/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Canada)  ](https://www.yelp.ca/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Hong Kong)  ](https://en.yelp.com.hk/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Malaysia)  ](https://en.yelp.my/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (New Zealand)  ](https://www.yelp.co.nz/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Philippines)  ](https://en.yelp.com.ph/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Republic of Ireland)  ](https://www.yelp.ie/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Singapore)  ](https://www.yelp.com.sg/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (Switzerland)  ](https://en.yelp.ch/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (United Kingdom)  ](https://www.yelp.co.uk/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ English (United States)  ](https://www.yelp.com/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Español (Argentina)  ](https://www.yelp.com.ar/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Español (Chile)  ](https://www.yelp.cl/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Español (España)  ](https://www.yelp.es/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Español (México)  ](https://www.yelp.com.mx/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Filipino (Pilipinas)  ](https://fil.yelp.com.ph/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Français (Belgique)  ](https://fr.yelp.be/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Français (Canada)  ](https://fr.yelp.ca/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Français (France)  ](https://www.yelp.fr/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Français (Suisse)  ](https://fr.yelp.ch/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Italiano (Italia)  ](https://www.yelp.it/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Italiano (Svizzera)  ](https://it.yelp.ch/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Nederlands (België)  ](https://nl.yelp.be/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Nederlands (Nederland)  ](https://www.yelp.nl/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Norsk (Norge)  ](https://www.yelp.no/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Polski (Polska)  ](https://www.yelp.pl/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Português (Brasil)  ](https://www.yelp.com.br/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Português (Portugal)  ](https://www.yelp.pt/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Suomi (Suomi)  ](https://fi.yelp.fi/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Svenska (Finland)  ](https://sv.yelp.fi/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Svenska (Sverige)  ](https://www.yelp.se/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ Türkçe (Türkiye)  ](https://www.yelp.com.tr/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ 日本語 (日本)  ](https://www.yelp.co.jp/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ 繁體中文 (台灣)  ](https://www.yelp.com.tw/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)
  * [ 繁體中文 (香港)  ](https://zh.yelp.com.hk/tos/privacy_en_us_20160131)

### Countries

[ United States  ](javascript:;)

  * [ Argentina  ](https://www.yelp.com.ar/)
  * [ Australia  ](https://www.yelp.com.au/)
  * [ Austria  ](https://www.yelp.at/)
  * [ Belgium  ](https://en.yelp.be/)
  * [ Brazil  ](https://www.yelp.com.br/)
  * [ Canada  ](https://www.yelp.ca/)
  * [ Chile  ](https://www.yelp.cl/)
  * [ Czech Republic  ](https://www.yelp.cz/)
  * [ Denmark  ](https://www.yelp.dk/)
  * [ Finland  ](https://fi.yelp.fi/)
  * [ France  ](https://www.yelp.fr/)
  * [ Germany  ](https://www.yelp.de/)
  * [ Hong Kong  ](https://en.yelp.com.hk/)
  * [ Italy  ](https://www.yelp.it/)
  * [ Japan  ](https://www.yelp.co.jp/)
  * [ Malaysia  ](https://en.yelp.my/)
  * [ Mexico  ](https://www.yelp.com.mx/)
  * [ New Zealand  ](https://www.yelp.co.nz/)
  * [ Norway  ](https://www.yelp.no/)
  * [ Philippines  ](https://en.yelp.com.ph/)
  * [ Poland  ](https://www.yelp.pl/)
  * [ Portugal  ](https://www.yelp.pt/)
  * [ Republic of Ireland  ](https://www.yelp.ie/)
  * [ Singapore  ](https://www.yelp.com.sg/)
  * [ Spain  ](https://www.yelp.es/)
  * [ Sweden  ](https://www.yelp.se/)
  * [ Switzerland  ](https://en.yelp.ch/)
  * [ Taiwan  ](https://www.yelp.com.tw/)
  * [ The Netherlands  ](https://www.yelp.nl/)
  * [ Turkey  ](https://www.yelp.com.tr/)
  * [ United Kingdom  ](https://www.yelp.co.uk/)
  * [ United States  ](https://www.yelp.com/)

Site Map

  * [Atlanta](/atlanta)
  * [Austin](/austin)
  * [Boston](/boston)
  * [Chicago](/chicago)
  * [Dallas](/dallas)
  * [Denver](/denver)
  * [Detroit](/detroit)
  * [Honolulu](/honolulu)
  * [Houston](/houston)
  * [Los Angeles](/la)
  * [Miami](/miami)
  * [Minneapolis](/minneapolis)
  * [New York](/nyc)
  * [Philadelphia](/philadelphia)
  * [Portland](/portland)
  * [Sacramento](/sacramento)
  * [San Diego](/san-diego)
  * [San Francisco](/sf)
  * [San Jose](/san-jose)
  * [Seattle](/seattle)
  * [Washington, DC](/dc)
  * [More Cities](/locations)

  * [About](https://yelp.com/about)
  * [Blog](https://officialblog.yelp.com/)
  * [Support](https://www.yelp-support.com/?l=en_US)
  * [Terms](/static?p=tos)

Copyright © 2004–2018 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ![Yelp logo](https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcd
n.com/assets/srv0/yelp_styleguide/17089be275f0/assets/img/logos/logo_desktop_x
small_outline.png), ![Yelp burst](https://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/assets/srv0
/yelp_styleguide/58cfc999e1f5/assets/img/logos/burst_desktop_xsmall_outline.pn
g) and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.

![](https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?cj=1&c15=&c3=&c2=7130511&c1=2&c6=&c5=&c
4=) ![Quantcast](https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-M4yfUTCPeS3vn.gif)
![](//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-
804377h&cg=0&cc=1&ts=noscript)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=102029836881428&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

